A little paint job . . . Someone called CMU PD on the Muslim Students Association while they were painting the fence saying that they were promoting a terrorist organization . As a Chinese student , I support the demonstration in HK . CMU CSA cannot represent everyone . Dont About Forget Us As an alumnus , I support Hong Kong . FUCK YEAH THIS MAKES ME PROUD TO BE A CMU STUDENT ! I SUPPORT HONG KONG ! WHOEVER DID THIS IS AWESOME THANK YOU . sorry for the caps , but yesterday's display made me a lil uncomfortable but now , now its lit . Please keep in mind that CSA doesn t represent the majority of the Chinese student body . There has been attempts by Chinese students to stop the fence painting but was futile . Among 300 + Chinese students on campus only 30 painted the fence , and most of us don t identify with this action . Just because someone is Chinese doesn't mean they support the Chinese government . . . Especially for ABCs This made me so happy . Always good to see injustices being recognized and spoken out against . Don't about , Forget US Actually most Chinese student appreciate the work of CSA and they feel angry about black blue fence . I feel so sad because I am a minority among them . Chinese people really brainwash so hard and they always ignore the truth . Is this about Taiwan ? The term East Turkestan , under many circumstances in China , was used as a short term for Eastern Turkestan Islamic Movement ( ETIM , [ https : / / www . un . org / securitycouncil / sanctions / 1267 / aq _sanctions _list / summaries / entity / eastern turkistan islamic movement ] ( https : / / www . un . org / securitycouncil / sanctions / 1267 / aq_sanctions_list / summaries / entity / eastern turkistan islamic movement ) ) . It was listed as a terrorist organization by UN in 2002 , and by many countries including the US . Now the term East Turkestan is not exactly the same as Eastern Turkestan Islamic Movement , to people who grew up in China , it gives an innuendo for the independence of Xinjiang . Although the efforts for independence may not be violent , many of them are , for example , [ https : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / July _2009 _ % C3 % 9Cr % C3 % BCmqi _riots ] ( https : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / July_2009_ % C3 % 9Cr % C3 % BCmqi_riots ) and [ https : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / 2014 _Kunming _attack ] ( https : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / 2014_Kunming_attack ) . Hundreds of people lost their lives and thousands were hurt .  If you look at the flag that ETIM uses ( [ https : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / Turkistan _Islamic _Party ] ( https : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / Turkistan_Islamic_Party ) ) , it resembles the symbol above ( the orientation of the moon and the star , and the color ) , which makes it hard for some people to not to question the intention . Lmao since when did our fence become so political are you serious ? that is fucking ridiculous . It s ironic because the presidents of CSA and the HK / MSA groups had conversations beforehand and gave their approval for it . . . seems like the message of mutual respect wasn t trickled down to the stans I pity them for being so brainwashed by the Chinese propaganda machine . Calling the police is crazy , I guess they re not used to legal free speech . . . . Where d you hear that ? I keep hearing it but can t find a source . LMAO The Chinese Constitution stipulates that Chinese citizens have an obligation to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity . If you support this separatist state under the banner of democracy , please don t say that you are Chinese . r / dontdeadopeninside / Give thanks to the Hong Kong Student Association and Muslim Student Association : ) > 300 + Chinese students on campus  [ More like 3000 ] ( https : / / www . cmu . edu / oie / about / statistics . html ) / cries in school of design Am I supposed to feel sorry for them ?  They blindly praise a country that is imprisoning more than a million people on the basis of their ethnic background . A fact confirmed by the United Nations .  As an American Jew living in a post holocaust world , it s easy to see the similarities .  I m frankly disgusted . so curious what are they angry about , do you know where that anger is coming from ? Please speak for yourself and do not generalize to “ most chinese students . You have people posting on moments , and many who are not . Unless you surveyed a good amount of the 3000 people please don t say anything about “ majority . * Hong Kong , and half yeah . The black half has the HK flower on it , and the other side says “ Hong Kong Stay Strong . The other half is about the millions of Muslim Uyghers being held in concentration camps in China , hence the star and moon .  Edit : ughyers > uyghers Since . . . quite a while ? People have definitely used it for political or social purposes I can vouch that it's regularly been political since at least the late 80s . Falun Gong was there about five years ago under the auspices of some org or other . . . I talked to the folks at the fence before they painted it and while I was talking some students came up saying it's a bad idea to paint the fence , offering drinks and such to try to convince them to not paint something in response . Some pro Hong Kong Chinese students have said that mean things have been circulating in WeChat groups about the HKSA and MSA . I'm not surprised to be honest . An MSA student holding the fence told me It is not for you to decide who gets to call themselves Chinese . It is for the people to decide what it means to be Chinese . r / gatekeeping . . . ? being Chinese doesn't mean supporting the CCP . Being Chinese means being invested and caring for the well being of China . Loving the CCP doesn't mean you care about your country , loving the CCP means you are after social recognition . Am i wrong ? I walked to the fence and thanked them super awkwardly ! Thank you again ! Ok _ ( ツ ) _ / I totally understand your feeling . It's upset to see Chinese become the propaganda of the Communism . Actually the internet in China is blocked and people only allow to see what government want . So lots of Chinese prefer to regard Uyghurs as terrorists than citizens . It's even worse that most Chinese people don't realize when they go abroad . They think the blue moon flag is a symbol of terrorism . So America is blind of terrorism and want split China . Moreover , they think the young people in HK is terrorist because they are destroying the order . So both 'terrorism' defame their great country and challenge their values . so can 3000 people represent 'majority' ? ? Why you guys always debate on this meaningless question ? I'm just telling what I see . someone should get a hold of those wechats and check if its a serious matter . It needs to be reported if so . I think you need a Chinese passport to have wechat though . It would probably be hard to get a hold of those chats . Never the less , from what I've seen around , I wouldn't be surprised at all if the stuff they've been writing is against the law . Makes sense . That s sad . Thanks . More like / r / sino [ deleted ] Oh really ? You should have seen the moments on wechat ? Lots of my classmate search materials from the internet to prove they are terrorism . If not , you should review it . Secondly please review the way how HK police suppress protester . As for me , they do the same thing to destroy HK . [ deleted ] You say over generalization is not acceptable . I totally agree . But things always happen . If your friend don't post something like these . I suggest you to enlarge social circle . It was like I immersed into propaganda the whole day with terrorism . The comments above also discuss about that . Some people in China really are misleaded by propaganda . It is an honor that you and your friend are reasonable . For people in HK , they are suffering the most terrible suppression since 1967 . Tear gas are everywhere . It's hard to say who are the most tolerant group except establishing an independent commission . So discussing whether HK protestors are rioters are really meaningless . A month apart . . . Super cool ! Stunning . Saving this . The halves were slightly off thank you ! Am I the only one who misses such sunsets walking back from college ? I remember the 10 : 30 pm sunsets in summer , just getting out of the lab . Beautiful picture ! woah I really miss that view down Forbes Beep boop I drive by this spot every now and then , looks spooky without the Dothraki hordes waiting to cross Morewood / Craig . Yeah , same : / Hahahaha Just a quick pic from my room The dumpsters from Donner is definitely the best view Definitely an improvement over what that view would have been like just a few years ago a parking lot . Pretty garbage most of the year , but you'd get a sweet vantage point onto Carnival That is so beautiful ! I'm in Rez so my view is not nearly as nice : , ) What building is that ? That must've been built after my time . How s it going on the dorms ? Better than a view of construction Oh man this used to be my view while I was living there as a freshman . . . and they finished this new building just as I was leaving . . . what a transformation ! A tad jealous that you're on campus , it looks gorgeous ! This pic hit me with a brick of nostalgia !  That used to be a parking lot back in my day ( the construction of that building was just starting when I left ) , but the skyline highlighting the Cathedral of Learning didn't change : )  Enjoy your time there ! I'd never studied garbage more intently than my freshman year in Donner Real talk tho started people watching from Donner because my window directly overlooked Resnik I definitely miss Carnival being in the Moorewood parking lot . Is it just me or are there less booths since they moved ? Yep that was my view Sophomore year . The parking lot was such a wonderful shade of light gray , I miss it so much I think it's the new Tepper quad It is pretty good so far . The people on my floor are really nice , and the RAs are doing a good job of finding stuff for us to do . I think it's a mix of midway being much smaller because all the booths are condensed together and a lot of orgs downsizing from a 2 story to 1 . 5 or 1 Where is midway now ? This is really making me want to come back for carnival . The first year there was a plot with a 2 foot difference in level  Wouldn t be shocked if that led to less booths It's the new Tepper Quad . FWIW , if you're back at any point , it's pretty inside * and * it has better food than the UC . In the small parking lot between Maggie Mo and CFA . Leveling's not really that big a factor in whether you would want to do booth or not . It only takes a couple hours I agree about better food , but to me , the inside looks like an airport terminal , which isn't exactly where I look to for innovative architecture and building design .  Also , calling it a quad drives me crazy . The Cut is kind of a quad it's green space surrounded on four sides by buildings . Tepper is just a building , not a quad . Oh man that's a much smaller parking lot . That's just the booths , the rides and such are on the cut . I'm pretty sure it still leaves less space for booths than before though . Tough choice Yeah but will I have to do my own laundry in morewood or do they have like robot housekeepers ? I know this is meant to be a joke but one thing that advisors can t actually offer when we make our schedules is the experience of actually taking certain classes with certain professors . In those cases it s probably a good idea to ask others on Reddit . This post would be funny if my advisor actually responded to my email .  Guess I'll have to register for a bunch of electives , seminar classes , and change my major a handful of times before I finally settle on CS . To date , my academic advisor still has not returned a single one of my emails “ Are classes at one of the toughest universities in the world as hard as my home schooling ? ! ? dang y'all have bad advisors . . . mine was amazing I mean that sucks and the responsibility is on your advisor to respond . . . but you can still go see him / her in their office Can I take 21 738 Extremal Combinatorics if I have AP Credit for Calc 1 ? “ I ve never taken a programming course before , is it a good idea for me to take Operating Systems ? “ Hi ! I d like to do a Robotics / ECE / CS / ML quadruple major , and an IMB . Tips on how I can maintain a 4 . 5 qpa ? When people on Reddit ask whether to pass / fail a class And it doubles as admissions counseling as well ! The answer to 99 % of the questions that get posted here is Go Talk To Your Advisor If anyone la interested tho , you should be able to make the change from 05 / 18 to 05 / 26 on SIO Honest question but how does your advisor help you ? I graduated a couple years ago and I never talked to my advisor once in 4 years . And my advisor never once reached out to chat with me either . I guess I should have put in the effort though . I just didn't know how they helped . In SCS , stuff that advisors have done for me or for people I know :  That you can get from peers ,  Course advice . General support in times of stress , as someone to talk to and to vent to . A rough sense of where people are going and what they are doing upon graduation . Candid advice on should I work or take classes with professor XYZ ? how are they as a person ?  That you cannot get from peers ,  Long term high level statistics on where people go and what people do . Advice backed by decades of advising experience on questions like grad school ? industry ? job X or job Y ? . Ability to give waitlist statistics , ability to get you off waitlists as need dictates ( that waitlist isn't first in first out ) . Adding / dropping courses late . Advocating on your behalf to course instructors . For example , if you encounter difficult family situations or fall sick , they can negotiate the framework for possible homework extensions , leniency in grading , etc . Wider access to opportunities , e . g . , you should think about going to Grace Hopper , you really want to go to XYZ conference ? Let's see if we can make that happen , are you interested in joining student organization XYZ ? It seems like a good match , etc .  Advisors are some of the most powerful advocates that a student can have . They can hook you up with whatever resources you need to succeed . You also get taken much more seriously if your advisor is backing you up . But ultimately the advisors need to know that you exist , and they can only really help people who want to be helped . If a student prefers to fly solo , that's fine by them ( as it should be , we're all old enough to have some personal responsibility ) .  Though I'm guessing that I've seen advising at its best . Your mileage may vary . Ah OK , this is a great explanation ! I was in MCS , and have heard that the SCS advisors are pretty awesome ( I remember my friends going to them a lot ) . Thanks for sharing ! My time has passed but hopefully somebody else sees your comment and benefits . I'll definitely share your comment anytime I stumble across other people questioning the value of advisors : ) Cheers ! : ) 3 Seasons knowing cmu this could all have been the same day Love the middle pic representing fake winter Thank you for the gold ! My first ever : ' ) To be honest it looks nice , can't disagree !  You should do more ! very nice pic ! TOC sucked * this * year ? Cue the montage of freshmen in ill fitting jackets waiting in the absurdly long TOC line  Edit : forgot to comment on how much i appreciate the Always Sunny reference Aside from talking to a recruiter and learning networking skills , does the TOC actually provide much value to us non programmers ? In the past I have only really been given a job code / specific opening to apply to . I'm not sure if I can justify even going this year given that its not even in person . TOC didn't get me a job , but it did make me manic enough to apply to every job east of Seattle .  Thank you , TOC ! oh so proud to see an always sunny meme on this subreddit The TOC's value to a non programmer :  1 . Networking / interview experience is always good . I often treated the TOC as my beginning of interview season refresher in how to talk to recruiters .  2 . It's a good place to find out more about companies you're interested in . You can find out what they're looking for and get advice about how to approach the application process ( ex : if the recruiter thinks one of your clubs is interesting , talk about it in your cover letter ) .  3 . You can also find out about job openings that might be atypical of a company . I recall one programming company I spoke to that had a tiny construction services department .  4 . Swag ( although I guess not this year ) . I was MSE / BME . I think the only opportunity that ever amounted to anything for my colleagues was an Alcoa internship . Even the drug / chemical companies like Bayer were looking for programming , not ChemE . The TOC has been useless for at least a decade . I wrote about this problem to the organizers when in undergrad , I don't think it did anything . . . The Fence today Dear Dr . Skinner I saw you hire bad senior fellows and so am also applying for the job This is the quality content I subscribe for Lmao Did you guys check President's email today ? Thanks to whoever who took this seriously and acted Yea , how dare CMU hire anyone to the right of Roger Rouse . . . Oh hi there beauty : 0 Too soon * LEAKED * Internal IPS Emails regarding CMU's relationship with Richard Grenell Holy shit . In one of these emails , someone who I assume is Kiron Skinner says I don't condone what they did . * * I believe had I been there I could have persuaded some of them to stop the violence . * *  Fucking lmao . What a pompous response . Sure thing Kiron ! Seems likely you could have talked a white supremacist braggart into taking his feet off of Nancy Pelosi's desk . Or maybe you could have talked flex cuff and pistol guy into , I dunno , rethinking his plot to run extrajudicial trials for any congressperson unlucky enough to cross his path ? Why call the National Guard when we've got KIRON SKINNER and her lecture about STRUCTURAL REALITIES ? ! What were you going to do ? Read them excerpts from your Regan letters book until everyone fucking fell asleep ?  It's pretty clear from her responses here that Skinner is operating in bad faith . At least I hope that's the case , because honestly , if she actually believes what she's saying in these emails , she's too stupid to continue to be employed by CMU .  Also , heads up u / TribLive . I hope this gets some traction in the press , because this is wild and the university should be exceedingly embarrassed . Hi , original poster here .  I am a secondary source . I received the anonymized emails from numerous students who wanted to share them but were afraid of doing so . To quote my personal views on the ethical implications of sharing this anonymized multi department wide email chain :  > . . . as it currently stands I view the thread as an expression of ideas and not an identification of individuals nor their viewpoints . Notably , it includes sorely missing dialogue from the people who wish to keep Grenell , and it includes the usual objections against that , so in some sense it balances the discussion . > > The student body has been stonewalled for a very long time with regards to this issue , which strongly factored into my judgment on this matter . > > The idea in posting these were to demonstrate to the student body that some faculty did care , quite deeply , and I suppose also on both sides .  Additionally , the anonymization is meant to focus the discussion around the ideas expressed instead of the individuals involved . Please debate ideas and not individuals .  I would prefer to keep all discussion to the CMU community , where people have skin in the game and will stand behind what they say . The Overlooked @ CMU Facebook group requires authentication and I encourage all discussion to move there . Please note that this post is not deleted there it is unclear why / u / RicoHatchVS believes that to be the case . They also deleted the fluffpiece they wrote about Grenell the day of the riots , the piece they cite in the first email in the chain . It was about a national security medal he had gotten .  For context , Richard Grenell has been actively destabilizing the country by casting doubt on the election results ( Nevada specifically ) and coronavirus safety protocols . He is being funded not from CMU's budget but from a private pot of money that Kiron controls and raised from her political connections . CMU's administration has done nothing to contain him .  According to Farnam , Richard Grenell has never once stepped foot on CMU's campus .  * EDIT * see u / moraceae's comment . Note : these are NOT internal IPS emails . These were emails between SCS faculty and Dr . Skinner after a member of the SCS faculty demanded that IPS take down their news report . Reposted from the Overlooked at Carnegie Mellon group after it was deleted there . The senders of this chain were anonymized by the original poster , though it is fairly clear to see the divide between Dr . Skinner and her faculty is widening considerably , and that she is not budging one inch on her unilateral decision to hire Grenell .  * EDIT * u / Pterodactyl42 , I reposted this from Overheard , where posters said it was deleted from Overlooked and that it was between IPS members , though I did catch the CS references . In the interest of transparency I have not edited the original body of my comment .  Please refrain from trying to identify the senders of the emails everyone . I feel like the more the discussion goes on the more it widens to bigger scope . I don't understand why it's so complicated . Grenell did action X , Y , Z indicating certain facts and most of these can be falsified by actual evidence .  There are basically 2 simple questions that needs to be answered in order to get to a decision :  1 . How does CMU characterize and define misinformation and thus does what Grenell did fall into that category ? 2 . In the spirit of the fundamental principle of free speech , do we then allow misinformation to get through as a compromise ? Because it's always gonna happen and hell , its happening all over the freaking Internet . ( the US government itself struggles to answer this )  I'm all about debating ideas but in this case , we do need focus . Without that , it is easy to bring in seemingly relevant issues and this discussion will go nowhere or default to the neutral state .  My 2c . Poor Nixon  Whoever wrote that lost all credibility at that exact moment . Good lord . Link isnt working Be a reeeeaaaal shame if local news picked this story up and took a look I believe that I expressed my opinions about the IPS most succinctly in my [ Kiron Skinner diss track from a few months ago . ] ( https : / / www . youtube . com / watch ? v = A4Csnpo65z0 ) Does anyone want to keep Grenell ? He doesn t appear to be contributing anything to the campus and keeps spouting weird conspiracy theories . I would add that :  1 . I have no concrete proof of which parties are involved in the chain . The current claim of SCS specificity is made by a M . E . on Facebook and the widespread assumption seems to be that Kiron is involved as well .  2 . The veracity of the emails can be challenged , though none are doing so and I trust my overlapping sources .  3 . The distance between sources and myself as a mouthpiece is intentional . I would encourage people to not confirm the identities of anyone in the chain , though I strongly encourage people to point out any omissions or inaccuracies as well .  Let's focus more on what people are saying , and less on who is saying it . Wow . Thanks for posting this here . I emailed back and forth with Skinner myself several months ago on this topic and got a similar tone of academic superiority and incredulity . This is ridiculous at this point how much effort CMU is putting in to defending this horrible man . The original post hasn't been deleted from Overlooked ; as of right now it is still up and it seems neither the original poster nor the group admins intend to take it down No idea , but faculty should be constrained by reality . If a physics professor said the world was flat , we d question their abilities to teach . Same if a historian said that slavery didn t cause the civil war . As a Political Scientist , that email writer should know that the amount of suspected voter fraud from the notoriously criminal Chicago political machine was not enough to change the fact that Nixon lost the popular vote in Illinois anyway . It is a disgusting mischaracterization to state otherwise .  Source on JSTOR : [ https : / / www . jstor . org / stable / 27550168 ? seq = 1 ] ( https : / / www . jstor . org / stable / 27550168 ? seq = 1 ) https : / / www . dropbox . com / s / dkkwvf21s51xasd / drop00000241 . png I don't disagree but even scientists get things wrong sometimes . This is why the first question is about how to characterize misinformation . Grenell is intentionally spreading lies how do we define that over someone else who made a mistake . Thank you ! That's the one . Can't wait ! Yep this was me freshman year . Good times lol Despite all , I had a great first semester in uni . This is already much better than high school . Good thing I'm a senior with a return offer and my grades don't matter in the least . You juniors and sophomores are FUCKED , though .  * FUCKED * . As a first year grad student I am fucking * STRESSED * Ooof I just assumed it would get better Fun fact : As long as you graduate your grades really don't matter all that much anyway . I'm a junior so I'm just sorta fucked lmao Class of 2021 : LOL class of 2020 lost their graduation to corona * loooool *  Class of 2022 : lmao class of 2021 lost their * whole senior year * to corona  Class of 2023 : lmao class of 2022 lost all their internships and job prospects to corona Class of 2024 : LOL class of 2023 lost their graduation to COVID 20 loooool Lmaoo , good thing I still have mine though Don't jinx it ; _ ; Fence painted in honor of Kobe Bryant That angle of campus looks almost exactly the same as it did 30 years ago As someone who isn't too informed about basketball , can anyone explain what the numbers mean ? I wonder if people are going to be reluctant to paint over this . Let s not glorify rapists . didn t know people took b ball as seriously . . . Kobe wore the number 8 at the start of his NBA career then switched to 24 After a week or so , people do . Several students died when I was at CMU . They each got a week , then the Fence moved on . Not only is the fence not glorifying anybody , but it is also honoring the other 8 people who also tragically died , 3 of them being children . Yeah fuck off . Talk shit when you can drop 81 on the raptors It s more of a national celebrity unexpectedly dying at a relatively young age . The fence always moves on Hunt library this morning . An Open Letter to the University President Regarding Richard Grenell Yeah the dudes a nutter and spreads misinformation like wildfire , having him be associated with cmu is a bad look Well said . Rules are insincere when the powerful are not required to follow them . Students should not be asked to behave more responsibly than staff or faculty .  I can't imagine encouraging someone to go to a school that carves out space for someone that happily attacks public health and our very basis for governance and is supported by CMU money and credentialing to do so . I've found it pretty good to say when being called for my annual alumni donation that I don't feel real comfortable giving money this year until they have a formal framework around guidelines for employee behavior .  I want to see what set of rules Grenell and all other folks tightly associated with CMU are expected to abide by . I suspect they'd have to either bend over backwards specifically for Grenell , or set things up where his appointment would be * very * unlikely to be renewed .  But just tossing him out doesn't help ; set the framework so it's more clear , so we don't have to do this again . In the meanwhile , for the alums out there , stop feeding them until they build guidelines so we can judge where this one would fall . To any students looking at CMU and thinking of joining ? Go elsewhere . Go somewhere where they won't associate with radical bigots . I cherish the education I received at CMU , but the whole school can burn to the ground if this is the hill they want to die on . shitty SCS experience 10 / 10 shitpost You need to try Bird on the Run on South Highland Wow . This is really upsetting . But thanks for the work you've done in the domain of SCS . I am a student who is a huge fan of SCS and was considering going to CHiKN since it's on my walk home , but you have convinced me otherwise . Best wishes to you . Bird on the Run will change your life man Please submit this to SIGBOVIK .  BTW there is a chicken place in East Liberty called Bird on the Run that was at least decent when I ate there . They have spicy options but I don't know how how they go because I don't like spicy food and didn't order that . Fucking clickbait title  10 / 10 would click + read again Try their bar ! > SIGBOVIK  Ooh that's a good idea . Or readme . Had a dream that I missed my 213 midterm Epitome of cmu It took me a solid 2 years after I graduated to stop having exam dreams . They're now dreams about important meetings , so hooray , I guess Dead xD Fun fact : Everyone has these and you will have them long long after you graduate I had a dream that I missed my 151 midterm before I took it . Strangely traumatizing , but I m glad to see I m not the only one lol lolol 25 years later I'm still having nightmares about calc I because they messed up my transcript and though I didn't take it when I had it as a summer transfer credit . Not kidding , I ve had dreams of missing finals , failing on a paper etc . for months even after graduating and started work . cmu does that to most of us I guess I had a dream a couple nights ago about forgetting to write an Interp paper . I took Interp in * Fall 2010 * . > for months  Months ? I'm at * years * and they still haven't gone away . Lol . Sorry to hear that mate . Hope you find redemption from them soon : ) Sometimes actually I miss those days and the adrenaline rush of scrambling for assignments , exams last minute too so not all horror dreams My most common version is dreaming that I have forgotten I enrolled in some class until the end of the semester and have missed so many assignments that I need to ace the final .  Shit , I know I skipped lectures but I was never * that * bad . Dude that s slightly similar to what I used to have lol . Last semester scrambling for interviews , there were these two elective courses I never attended and apparently according to my dream , failed the class due to no attendance , no quiz , assignments and flunked the exam too Managed to get a glimpse of this yesterday wow , the sidewalks look so cool ! Is it me or does the person on the right look like they re wearing a light on the back of their head ? it s reflection from the lights outside Doherty hall We need more memes Finally , some good fucking food haaaaaahahahahhaahhahahahahahahaAahhhh agreed all the memes are on Facebook  the Carnegie Mellon Memes for Spicy Teens group Be the change you want to see CMU Pride , baby . [ mp4 link ] ( https : / / preview . redd . it / uszo710h77o51 . gif ? format = mp4 & s = fc2c977469f311d68dd01829964baad2c8c3d8fd )   This mp4 version is 98 . 77 % smaller than the gif ( 1 . 14 MB vs 93 . 17 MB ) .    * Beep , I'm a bot . * [ FAQ ] ( https : / / np . reddit . com / r / anti_gif_bot / wiki / index ) | [ author ] ( https : / / np . reddit . com / message / compose ? to = MrWasdennnoch ) | [ source ] ( https : / / github . com / wasdennnoch / reddit anti gif bot ) | v1 . 1 . 2 Lmao this is quality content . Bless you who ever made this GOLD too fuken true . You should make one for Master students , wait , don't . LOL You're welcome I finally finished my unofficial history of CMU's campus ! ( Link to PDF in comments ) Phew ! An entire year after graduating , I finally finished revising my undergraduate thesis . But if anyone is interested in why campus looks the way it does , here's a link to the PDF : [ https : / / drive . google . com / file / d / 1iA7Pv 4tcUD6b6sWl _YiLxGZNMhDfyHd / view ? usp = sharing ] ( https : / / drive . google . com / file / d / 1iA7Pv 4tcUD6b6sWl_YiLxGZNMhDfyHd / view ? usp = sharing )  This all came about because Purnell looks a bit fascist , and I heard there was even a small protest when Purnell was finished in 1999 students even projected Hitler onto the facade . And so I was curious about how that came to be . What were the administrators and planners * doing * ? And the answer turns out to be somewhat interesting !  Briefly , the paper covers three particular construction booms on campus , and looks at how they all march to Purnell .  * The first building period was 1900 1920 , with the founding of campus , where the cool 'old' buildings like the College of Fine Arts went up . * The second was 1950 1970 , with the unorganized erecting of modern structures like Scaife and Hunt . * The third was 1990 2000 , where there was a careful expansion of thematically similar buildings , including the UC , Purnell , and the football stadium .  Each of these periods link to each other in very interesting ways . And they make campus more interesting to look at ! Architectural landscapes come together slowly over time , with each new building relating to the last building or the wider world . But this time element isn't something we see naturally : We arrive and see the 'flat' result , with the interlinking decisions kind of 'smushed' out . But it can be kinda neat to unfold campus .  This is an Unofficial History , with the major emphasis on making it readable to casual people with no architecture background . ( Lord of the Rings references are not appropriate in an academic paper my professor wrote . But he's WRONG . ) This is a lovely trip through the 1001 re re re designs of the campus .  I'm going to be That Jerk and nitpick at least by 1980 , the administration was very vocal that Skibo was * not * a student center which was their excuse for taking away student held areas .  Rooms that had been or could have been used as student org offices or spaces were used for administrative groups such as catering and the parking office . [ One could argue that catering should be near the food service hub of the campus but it was still annoying ; as they grew so did the number of offices they took over . ]  ( Amusingly , when they built the UC there was much noise about CMU finally having a real student center . )  Oh , Skibo , that building we all loved to hate for so , so many reasons . Rest in Rubble .  Also : > In the 70s and 80s , decades that lionized individuals and fetishized macho leadership , Richard Cyert was the perfect man .  This is hilarious . So many cool rejected designs that CMU couldn t afford ; _ ; Man , that's hella long , but full of win ; nice one !  ( For Purnell , I have no memory of fascist complaints , but man , everyone hated the box on top , as it's , well , wow . ) This looks super cool def gonna check it out This is a wonderful resource . Thank you .  A very esteemed Prof . at CMU , Danny Oppenheimer , has made a point of getting some VERY strange citations into papers including a cited reference to Count Chocula . I need to remind myself that I'm not reading your paper to grade it , but if I was I'd be littering your margins with praise . This is really great work . Thanks ! It's no Count Chocula , but then again , not everyone is destined for such glorious heights . . . Richard Grenell does not belong on the Carnegie Mellon campus It's critical that participants in the Trump administration be frozen out . Particularly by universities ! There's several tracks to this :  * * * The Trump administration was bad for universities * * . From visa changes , travel bans , and the pandemic handling ( an extinction event for a lot of universities ! ) , the administration harmed universities , and their faculty and students , often from animus . * * * The Trump administration was mendacious . * * Universities * cannot * function if people lie for personal advantage . That's the 1 principle for academia ! Their lies everywhere have shown they do not belong to any institution that ever hopes to have a reputation for high standards . * * * The Trump administration was anti science and anti expertise . * * CMU has amazing atmospheric researchers what a slap to their faces that * anyone * associated with the world's most extreme climate denialism group ( the GOP , and more particularly , the Trump administration ) would * ever * draw a paycheck or have official association at CMU . The anti science trends have touched everything , from monetary policy to fuel standards . * * * The Trump administration * * * * was anti young people . * * It's not just the rise in inequality , racism , decline in LGBTQ rights , loss of global cooperation , and decline in positive state capability it's not just that attacks on our governing system that risk a breakdown of our country and its ability to unify and solve problems it's the abnegation on climate change action that will screw over every single person at CMU ( and their children and their children etc . ) How they expect to sincerely draw students without supporting them is beyond me . University propaganda , I guess .  It's intolerable that a collaborator , lier , casually cruel , and opportunist like Grenell or * any * official from the Trump administration was * ever * associated with CMU .  The best way for CMU to make amends going forward is to announce that any political appointee of the Trump administration or staff of the Trump campaign will not be hired . It's ironic that they were trying to do their jobs by asking for evidence , but he didn't give them any , saying do your job . If Richard Grenell's conduct bothers you ( as it should ) . Do not limit yourself to posts on reddit .  https : / / www . cmu . edu / hr / resources / ethics hotline . html  This link outlines the procedure for formally filing a complaint . Richard Grenell has repeatedly dismissed A Tartan's Responsibility to prevent the spread of COVID 19 . At the press conference you mentioned , he did not wear a mask , did not practice social distancing , and did not avoid unnecessary travel . These requirements apply both on and off campus .  Don't just complain here . Report him . Fire Grenell ! Can we get a sticky post on this . The weekly whining about Grenell is getting tedious . . . > from monetary policy  LOLOL . Trump literally nominated a CMU Professor to the FED Board .  RIP Goodfriend . The best professor I ever had . [ Biden ] : We need to come together and stop the division  [ You ] : We should prevent all Trump administration officials from being hired !  Nice . Tedious is him not being fired despite growing offenses , lying about election results being the most recent one . You can just scroll past it if you don t like it . [ deleted ] The hatred runs deep . I am no fan of Trump , but to attempt to blackball everyone from an entire administration is foolish . You have / had multiple professors who were open socialists and marxists . Cry me a river . I mean Navarro is a life long democrat . . . Tariffs are right in the traditional wheelhouse of pro union Democrats .  Tariffs are also not monetary policy . . . I'm no fan of Trump because he tweets , but I LOVE how his political appointees are signing on to dooming the entire planet , attacking our university , and undermining democracy !  I know that's partially unfair , but it's also partially what you're signing on to .  Look at what Ric Grenell is willing to do . Virus denialism , fraud truther , loyalism over expertise , and a member of an extremist anti climate science group . That's just an outlook of the administration , not an outlier . This is inline with many Democrats thinking right now . You have prominent Democrat Politicians calling for lists to be made of anyone who in anyway worked with or for this administration and to permanently black ball them . Yet they call the GOP the fascists . . . Checked your activity , yikes . You can make these broad and reaching claims all day , but in the end Grenell is at the university to help to decriminalize homosexuality . I am not signing on to anything , you are poorly attributing that to me . If Grenell was hired to teach climate science I would agree , but just because he is on the other team doesn't mean he should be blackballed . While I agree it s ridiculous to blacklist everyone whose worked in the Trump administration for that reason alone , I d hazard to look for unbiased information about what the Democratic Party is doing from someone active in r / Conservative and r / Catholicism . . . That is not what I am saying , and I am not a Democrat . For example , David Urban has taught at CMU and he could be considered the God Father of Trump's West Point Mafia . I have known David since he was 10 years old and he is smart and honest human being . I would have no problem with him teaching on the Carnegie Mellon campus . We have different opinions on what is right and wrong for our country , but that is okay . I love hearing diverse opinions . The problem with Grenell is that he is morally bankrupt and intellectually dishonest . [ https : / / www . politico . com / news / magazine / 2019 / 11 / 17 / west point alumni pompeo esper state department 071212 ] ( https : / / www . politico . com / news / magazine / 2019 / 11 / 17 / west point alumni pompeo esper state department 071212 ) Oh noo . We had conservatives graduate from CMU . . .  What is so wrong with my activity ? I'm sorry I misrepresented you . I'll try to explain my ( and others ) thinking more clearly without poor internet conduct on my part .  We're not opposed to him because he's on the other team . It's because we know he's a troll . He's not actually working sincerely toward decriminalizing homosexuality . It's a statement he uses to garner sympathy and to obscure the fact that he's a political operative .  There are literally thousands of people with real expertise and experience who are actively working to decriminalize homosexuality who could be supported by CMU to study and teach about this meanwhile , Grenell has nothing to show for this in his time in the White House or prior . And this White House had had meaningful backslides on human rights support domestically and abroad , and showed support for countries which * do * persecute LGBTQ individuals .  Grenell himself worked as a consultant with countries that persecute LGBTQ individuals not that that's disqualifying , but part of his lack of prioritization on human rights . ( Which includes the fact that he works for the party with the notoriously vocal anti LGBTQ contingent . But I guess where else can you get appointed Acting Director of Intelligence with ZERO intelligence or large bureaucracy experience but the Trump administration ? )  The Human Rights Campaign , a U . S . based LGBTQ rights organization , said it has seen no meaningful efforts by this administration to decriminalize homosexuality around the world .  It would be different if they were trying , but it's not even clear they are doing anything meaningful at all , said Charlotte Clymer , an HRC spokeswoman . It is yet another case of the Trump Pence White House making promises to LGBTQ people , even while they enable discrimination and violence against us at home and abroad .  https : / / www . nbcnews . com / feature / nbc out / acting intelligence head richard grenell s push decriminalize homosexuality has n1140131  This was what we knew about him prior to taking him on at CMU that he made statements about decriminalizing homosexuality , but took few meaningful actions toward that in a White House that showed little support for that . His overall role was to be a yes man in an agency that everyone agreed he wasn't qualified for . ( This isn't even to mention his other divisive aspects . If you want to know more about him , you can read it here : https : / / militarist monitor . org / profile / richard grenell / . Not unbiased , but well sourced . )  And now like nay sayers suspected we see that he has also been spreading false claims of voter fraud and not following virus guidelines expected of the CMU community . Which has been par for the course for the Trump administration . LOL , I knew the anti catholic bigotry was bad in the Democrat party , thanks for providing another data point .  Does a direct tweet from AOC work for you ? That isn't exactly unbiased , but it is a primary source .  [ https : / / twitter . com / AOC / status / 1324807776510595078 ? ref _src = twsrc % 5Etfw % 7Ctwcamp % 5Etweetembed % 7Ctwterm % 5E1324807776510595078 % 7Ctwgr % 5Eshare _3 & ref _url = https % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww . washingtonexaminer . com % 2Fnews % 2Fkeeping tabs aoc suggests supporters make list of social media posts from trump sycophants to hold them complicit ] ( https : / / twitter . com / AOC / status / 1324807776510595078 ? ref_src = twsrc % 5Etfw % 7Ctwcamp % 5Etweetembed % 7Ctwterm % 5E1324807776510595078 % 7Ctwgr % 5Eshare_3 & ref_url = https % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww . washingtonexaminer . com % 2Fnews % 2Fkeeping tabs aoc suggests supporters make list of social media posts from trump sycophants to hold them complicit ) He is no more morally bankrupt than plenty of Obama alums like Holder and Susan Rice who got university jobs or were prominent in plenty of universities after they left the Obama Administration . I have no problem with keeping morally bankrupt people out , I just want the same rules to apply .  The rules shouldn't be any Democrat or liberal can get a job , while only the 'Good' Republicans can get a job . Trying to paint an entire group of people ( Democrats ) with the comments of one person who belongs to the same group is no different than picking the most racist or fascist comment ever made by any Republican and claiming those statements to be the position of all Republicans . Being a part of the trump administration is not in and of itself a reason to blacklist a person . If you read the tweet however , you d see AOC is looking to hold politicians and public figures accountable for their rhetoric and actions over the course of this disastrous administration . Which is honestly more of an expectation than anything to be up in arms about . And as for pointing out your catholic leanings , I intended that only to further point out your conservative leanings , apologies if didn t come off like that . I do not recall Holder or Rice challenging election results and claiming fraud without evidence . As I said previously , I have no problem with a Trump admin insider such as David Urban teaching at CMU as he is intellectually honest . Grenell is knowingly trying to undermine a U . S . election without being able to present any credible or verifiable evidence to support his claims of widespread voter fraud . 'Hold them accountable' is code for black balling for political reasons . . . I mean Eric Holder made those claims about the GA Governor race . . . Not to mention , how many laws did Holder break while AG ? Or how he claimed he was Obama's Wing Man ? Holder just gets better press than Grenell .  Susan Rice supported Stacey Abrams in not conceding as well .  Again , rules for thee but not for me . . . I would agree that on the surface , Grenell doesn't deserve a job in academia . However , I won't campaign to kick him out until the multiple of just as morally bankrupt / incompetent liberals face the same scrutiny .  Although I am glad that there are some liberals who can have a reasonable debate on this topic here . Someone else replied to me saying that Grenell wanted to abolish the first amendment and establish an evangelical theocracy in the US . . . No , it s to hold them accountable for spreading gross misinformation , among other things . In this case of Richard Grenell it would be lying about voter fraud and spreading misinformation about the pandemic , at very least . You can call that black balling for political reasons , but one is undermining the fundamental democracy of this country and the other is needlessly putting lives at risk . And these also apply to the Trump administration at large , which has created an international embarrassment with this entire ordeal about voting fraud . You d think they d do better that 0 12 in court if they had any actual evidence on the matter . Not at all . She said 'complicity' in the administration , not 'spreading gross misinformation' . . .  Also , should Governors like Cuomo who grossly mishandled the pandemic be black balled for killing Americans ?  PS : Obama lost more court cases than any President in US history ? Should he be black balled for that ?  Edit : This isn't even the first time that AOC has wanted to put her political enemies on a list . . .  [ https : / / www . foxnews . com / politics / ocasio cortez moderate democrats who vote with republicans are putting themselves on a list ] ( https : / / www . foxnews . com / politics / ocasio cortez moderate democrats who vote with republicans are putting themselves on a list )  It also isn't like Democrats don't have a sordid history with lawsuits on vote counting . Look at the illegal BS Gore tried to pull in Florida back in 2000 . I agree that it's hyperbolic to demand to blackball everyone in the administration ( * although at some point we'll have no choice on this climate stuff but to take it seriously * ) , but you can see how well the idea of nuance plays with the other person in this thread . ( Look at the illegal BS Gore tried to pull in Florida back in 2000 . )  But there's a real problem going on : Business as usual university policy allowed Ric Grenell to slip in , which means they're now tacitly funding virus denialism and voter fraud conspiracy .  I bet when he was hired , no one would have dreamed he would engage in voter fraud conspiracy . And yet . Considering the administration's cultural milieu , is it surprising ?  This is going to be a greater problem now that hundreds of political appointees will be drifting out into the landscape .  I was at CMU when students and faculty were hurt by visa changes and travel bans , listened to students talk about climate change with their professors , everyone heartbroken , when the gunmen shot up the synagogue , when the virus ( which the administration studiously denied was a thing ) shut down campus .  It's hard not to think students would be right to demand no association with political appointees , and make any of them toxic additions to campus . Campus Tonight Rainbow hunt is my favorite thing Looks like Pride month . People aren't being Tartan responsible no masks , no social distancing ! Lol . I hope the 2 sitting on the lawn are roommates . Also stay safe people ! Lol bye bye shittsburgh Rainbow UC and Purnell are nice too though . I wish they kept the lights year round . Note to alumni regarding Richard Grenell I replied to a text from y all saying as much months ago .  I m hoping what you say is true , I wasn t inclined to donate in the first place ( was 240k not enough ) but I sure as hell am not now Out of the loop . Who is this guy ? I finished grad school there in 2016 . Unfortunately the school is far more centrist than people realize and will only do the bare minimum to avoid costly lawsuits or bad press . He ll probably remain for a year and quietly go away  But thanks for the tip ! I ll def do this If CMU ever had a chance of getting me to donate , it is long since gone . Because of Grenfuck's appointment and the subsequent debacle , I will never give a single dollar to CMU outside of tuition .  Maybe I'll tip them 0 . 02 every year though . Just to drive the point home . Well I certainly won't be donating anything if they fire him . Yep totally agree with you , tuition is freaking expensive already .  I only know this because I spent the last couple of months at my job speaking to angry alumni on the phone about how they are outraged about grenell at cmu and the audacity the school has to ask for money . After I took those calls , my job required me to write up a note as to why the individual is against donating and I had to submit it to whoever handles the alumni donations at cmu . I would get maybe like 10 of these calls a month ? I think if they see a large enough trend , they ll finally get the message that literally no one wants him here .  I quit because it was honestly making me depressed talking to so many angry people and begging for money on behalf the school . I don t blame y all for being annoyed at the calls , but it was def draining and not worth getting like 11 / hr He's part of the Trump Campaign , and is a senior fellow at CMU on a one year appointment . ( The title didn't exist before him , and they followed the rules in hiring , to be very fair . )  He's a rabble rouser who doesn't stick to facts and uses anger as a primary tactic , near as I can tell . As the most recent example of that , he was the Trump Campaign spokesperson in Nevada this week shouting that the election was a fraud , and explicitly providing no proof . MSNBC isn't always great , but has a clip on just this , as it was their reporter who followed up with the question .  [ https : / / www . reddit . com / r / PublicFreakout / comments / jomxcr / msnbc _reporter _demands _a _trump _campaign _official / ] ( https : / / www . reddit . com / r / PublicFreakout / comments / jomxcr / msnbc_reporter_demands_a_trump_campaign_official / )  Previously , he's had several petitions against his appointment from within CMU :  [ https : / / docs . google . com / document / d / 1KyZv _O01xRuwPzUX0N4yYY77RB7QIH1C4yMjetCK16U / edit ] ( https : / / docs . google . com / document / d / 1KyZv_O01xRuwPzUX0N4yYY77RB7QIH1C4yMjetCK16U / edit ) He's a professional troll and sycophant , and has been working to undermine human rights and democratic governance . There's a good summary about him here :  [ https : / / militarist monitor . org / profile / richard grenell / ] ( https : / / militarist monitor . org / profile / richard grenell / )  The Institute for Politics and Strategy has a conservative department head ( Kiron Skinner ) , and as a favor to Grenell , who she worked with at one time , she brought him on . People were outraged . He has since been spreading disinformation , engaged in virus denialism , and worked as a political operative .  There's been such a big stink about it that it's been causing internal issues , and the president of the university sent out multiple emails to the entire community about it . Overall , there's an issue with the ISP ( Institute for Politics and Strategy ) that they would bring him on in this way and think that it would be fine . ( Like , it would be interesting to hear Steve Bannon talk , but would you really want to announce he's now a senior fellow and drawing a CMU paycheck . . . ? ) you know I really don t blame you there . Funnily enough we did have people donate like a penny or a dollar , I always wondered what that was all about haha I feel a bit bad about how snippy I was given you guys are probably doing this for tuition / living money but Grenell has been such a wart to the reputation of the school and I'm pissed he gets a line on his resume because Kiron Skinner felt like playing the crony game ( she's not really fantastic either , a friend of mine in the IRP grad program had a lot of clashes with her ) .  Having the name of the school associated with a known propagandist tarnishes their reputation , full stop . I'm sorry you need to field calls like this from grumpy jerks like me , but I hope it actually leads to something . You re so sweet . When they called me last I did answer to tell them exactly that and the guy was so nice and knew exactly what I was talking about . Maybe it was you ! Maybe Kiron needs to go too ? No hard feelings , we definitely understood why alumni were frustrated for sure ( i d also be annoyed too lol ) but I think just as a psa , we are on the same side here ! I think some people I called forgot that I am also a cmu student too ( taking out a lot of student loans may I add haha ) and I was doing the job for the money alone . I honestly felt really guilty having to call alumni begging for money , but a good chunk of the calls I took were super nice and I even had a long convo with this one person where we just ranted about administration at CMU haha I don't know much about her , to be honest . There's so much militarism and hawkishness driving much of what goes on at CMU that it's hard to pinpoint the chickens and the eggs , and where a good intervention would be . There was an email sent out by CMU welcoming Richard Grenell as a new senior fellow . He believes that police aren t using tear gas on protestors and that it s “ fake news and that current protests are just “ riots I think this might get a larger following on Facebook ( although I'm not sure which page ) . Fuck this racist asshole . And screw the IPS department head . I love hearing the other side of the isle , but not believing in equality is not just another opinion , but a lack of ethical and moral critical thinking skills . At least his Wikipedia page doesn't mention CMU . : / dear Farnam : ah yes , he has [ free speech ] ( https : / / xkcd . com / 1357 / ) ! It s already on overheard and overlooked . yet TAing during COVID The best thing I have seen this month so far . lmaoo thanks for this , i needed this today  someone post this to CMU memes for spicy teens on fb Top tier I like this / u / Cortexion is a Drunk Bastard TA Appreciation Post < 3 Facts . It's crazy to think they're doing this on top of a full course load . Hey , this semester if TAs aren't in Pittsburgh and are in a city with a higher minimum wage , we get a temporary raise ! Got me an extra 2 . 50 per hour : ) Shoutout to the TA who showed up and delivered a solid recitation the day after her car burnt down Shoutout to all the kind 15122 TA's who make the class seem much more friendly As a TA I'm humbled by this post . : )   Thanks to students for being engaged and hardworking . TA work feels really rewarding because of it Topkek Ikr . Only after I started tutoring full time this summer did I realize teaching a course takes a LOT of prep than I initially thought . And CMU doesn't pay its TAs remotely close to standard rates for private tutoring [ deleted ] Yess go get that bread ! ! if you're not in the country , you get 0 dollars per hour . . . And that's what we call next level commitment and determination . Meanwhile I slept thru my collab , lol . Hear hear . CS TAs are awesome . I second that . < 3 < 3 < 3 If you make below minimum wage in your current location ( CS TAs , for example ) , contact the TA coordinator for your department . Hm , it was something that was in my re hire info . I don't know if it's specific to one college or another ( I'm in CFA ) , but I think it's federal law for tax reasons . That's a bottomkek [ deleted ] Depends on your department but for CS ( 15 XXX courses ) you'd wanna email Charlie Garrod ! Tepper kids be like As a double Tepper grad :  A ) yes my courseload was lighter as was my workload  B ) it was definitely worse than in other business programs by an order of magnitude Just met the most obnoxious person today . . . why do people make their internships their entire personality ? It is usually peoples' own insecurities that make them have a need to talk themselves up and discount others' achievements . glad you've met lots of amazing people . please ignore the obnoxious ones . This manchild you speak of clearly lacks perspective , and the bad impressions he makes will follow him . I know Google in particular loves to reject overconfident jerks and I hope he s one of them : ) I only met one of these arrogant types at CMU ( shockingly also a CS major , c / o 2013 ) , who is very skilled , but also has yet to find a job . Granted , he s in the game industry , which is small and has far less jobs than many other industries , but it goes to show that companies don t want to hire people who people don t want to be around . In my first week of grad school , one of my professors showed us a study that showed that companies in general are more likely to hire someone enjoyable to be around with a bit of learning to do than a very skilled jerk . Wish I still had the link to that study , but I don t .  And also if it s any consolation , I wrote code for the first time in my life in 112 , did NOT understand how to program at all , got a C or lower on every homework assignment , but it eventually clicked and now I m a professional software engineer . And nobody in hiring has ever asked about my grade in 112 ; they ve just focused on the great things I have done recently . I've said it before here : the saying goes that you either have imposter syndrome or you're an asshole haha . Just ignore them and you'll be fine . There are people like this at every university . I remember the same in England .  Realise that outside of their strengths ( where their confidence resides ) they usually sink like stones . My background is CS and Physics . I don t know how this applies across fields , but let me tell you : there is no shortage of people in these fields who will brag on and on about their knowledge and achievements . Fortunately , most don t seem to realize it comes off this way and might be horrified to learn that they sounded so obnoxious . And like another comment mentioned , many times it comes from a place of insecurity . But that doesn t change the fact that I ve had many head scratching moments where I thought to myself “ is this person really saying these things to me . . . ? ?  In any case , when I was a freshman I met a PhD student who told me to not be intimidated by my peers they said the vast majority of those peers who talk a big game don t actually know what they re talking about . They just know enough buzzwords to frighten you . I ve found this to be very true now that I m much older . Just do your best , keep asking questions , and try to be humble yet confident in yourself . Besides , you re not really in a competition with your peers . There is more than enough room at the top for you and all of your bright CMU classmates . My dad always told me that real smart people don't alienate others like that ; one of the best pieces of advice I've heard That is so cringe . On the flip side , I have a friend who got an Amazon internship and he doesn t mention it at all and is very humble about it . 10 / 10 . We need more people like him . It s crazy how smart people and yet still lack self awareness . I genuinely believe that a lot of smartasses at CMU just need to trip balls and see themselves from another perspective . There's more to college than just classes and internships . Focusing all of your energy on those two aspects of college is a personal choice . It's totally valid for other people to chose to focus on different things . There's a difference between saying I got an internship early , and recommend that and you're somehow lesser for what you're choosing to focus on . Low self esteem , its usually that simple Sounds like someone who doesn't have a lot of friends Hah , this was like 90 % of bus rides down 5th pre pandemic , people talking loudly about their internships . ( * How was Seattle man ? Oh it was great . It was great . Beautiful out there you know . And the things they're doing . Just incredible . ) *  What you experienced is a widely noted class aspect , where the dialect of elite wealthy students is to take something they worked hard at and then pretend it's easy . ( * Oh , this old thing ? Threw it on this morning , I don't know where it came from . * ) This is more true at more specifically class based colleges than CMU , like the Ivies . ( At CMU people go the other route , they work really hard and then pretend it was harder . The exception is in the School of CS , which a hot air balloon of ego and prestiege . )  The second thing to keep at CMU is that there's an incredible percentage of people on the spectrum , and it underlies a lot of the surreal interactions there . In addition , people who come from money have behavior that's infuriating and cold , and they often have extremely underdeveloped interpersonal skills with people outside their class background .  In this case , I would take it as them revealing more about themselves than they meant to say , enjoy 15 110 and the better people , and laugh at rat race chest thumping . For someone who is trying to show how smart he is , he seems to be really clueless and unaware of how to deal with social situations . Not everybody cares about competitive internships , but unfortunately a great number of people at CMU seem to think that we all do . Slightly off topic but I still go ahead . There was this dialogue in the game of thrones , A person who has to tell that he's king is not true king . I guess similar goes for everything .  Also , don't worry about the big names / internship . Just focus on the basics and fundamentals . Logical fields like Mathematics and CS have an amazing beauty to them . It may take some time , but when it clicks , everything falls in place . Don't worry , run after excellence and not success . He's just insecure and he doesn't have any other traits that define him . Just take pity on him . Just a warning you are going to meet a lot of people like this . Maybe not this explicit , but many CS people think / act this way . pretty toxic imo Unfortunately there are a lot of these types at CMU , and its not even limited to the CS program . I d say like at least 1 / 3 of the school is only looking to associate with people they want to get something from . It s gross and it s usually the uber privileged students that don t even have much use for the money they ‘ re chasing . This school is a clown heavy circus .  My advice is to stick around with the awesome people you ve met . I wish I was told that as a freshman . Find your tight circle of friends , nurture those relationships , and you will lift each other higher than you could even imagine . He's hyper close minded and tunnel visioned and risks terminating in a dead end eventually . Professionally and in life . He might end up stick in Silicon Valley absolutely miserable in 20 years , never having given himself a chance to explore the other 99 . 99 % of the opportunities in the world . He might fail necessary professional pivots and have a hard time handling disruption . Etc .  Not that the career skills and financial success mindset isn't valuable . It is , but it's a fairly focused tool set that is utilized by the greater , ideally adaptable individual .  Some people successfully push the balance 90 / 10 focus on FAANG advancement or whatever , but 99 / 1 like this guy carries some serious risks and he would likely benefit from dialing it down just a bit . Hey , I'm a relatively senior software engineer , 20y out of CMU .  The asshole in my class who was that guy , well , got pretty far , pretty fast , and then found that companies either don't promote assholes , or that the companies that promote assholes aren't where you wanna work . They got like halfway to where they wanted to be , and . . . didn't really get farther . Oops .  The people who weren't assholes got farther . Get ready for 3 more years of it . This . The only reason he was flexing his internship muscles is he is sorely lacking in some other area . Maybe he has no one to talk to about this stuff and needs to pick on freshman to actually find someone that is inferior to him . Pay him no mind . Wow I didn t know that but that makes a lot of sense I can t imagine what I would be like to work with someone so arrogant everyday .  Also , thank you so much for sharing your personal experience with 112 that gives me a lot of reassurance . I m basically in the same boat as you were , I took 112 and came into the class not know anything about coding . I chose to switch over to 110 because I d rather take it slow and I m not in a rush haha hopefully this stuff clicks for me too because the learning curve seems pretty steep to me Haha wise words , I ll definitely keep that in mind Yeah for sure , I was baffled by the lack of self awareness throughout the conversation . Your friend sounds awesome , props to him for landing that internship ! I have much more respect for people who are both confident in their skills but also humble about it : ) I like the internet's name for this small dick energy . Remembering that while talking to one of these superstars can only make you laugh , which simultaneously protects you from them getting their SDE on you . Yeah , every job posting will attract multiple qualified people , so why hire a jerk when there are probably people with comparable skill sets who are actually good to be around ?  And good luck with 110 ! Make good use of office hours , and I m sure you ll be fine . It s really important to pick a pace that suits you when you learn to code for the first time , so good for you in doing that ! And if it doesn t click now , take it from me , it ll click someday . Campus this morning . Reminds me of the times I return to my dorm at like 6am after pulling an all nighter . It's surprisingly beautiful , especially the sunrise around 7 : 30ish The quality is amazing ! What camera did you use ? Late night right after a fresh snow when no one else has walked on it yet . Lol is that what your username means ?  Or just literally counting . . . Pixel 4a . New phone with nightsight Nope , it's a reference to a song by Shing02 ahaHahahA it s the computer science number I am physically pained by the number of unread emails you have . Ah yes , the school apps folder The intro class is no longer 15 127 ? Good . I have almost 28k unread 15 127 is the old version of what today we call 15 122 . That's the intro to programming course for people with experience ( i . e . passed the AP , passed the placement test , etc . ) . If you have no experience , you'll either take 15 110 or 15 112 .  Side note : you graduated from college before I was born . Dude , I have code still running in production somewhere that's older than you . My first computer was a TRS 80 . I've been paid to code in COBOL . I've had to change up himem . sys , config . sys , and autoexec . bat to get a program to run . I remember being HYPED when windows 95 came out and did away with having to do that . Blah , blah , blah .  Yes , I get it , I'm old . But please tell me there's still the Mastery test ? If I had to get hazed like that , you all should too . Sorry for bringing up the fact that you re old . It was my snapshot reaction to seeing “ Class of 2001 .  Secondly , Jesus fucking Christ you re old . The TRS 80 was discontinued in the 80s , right ? That s like two of my measly lifetimes .  What s the Mastery test ? I didn t take anything like that , although it s entirely feasible that the name has been changed and not the actual exam . Yeah no more mastery test . So when I was there , you had the option to take 15 127 online or in class . Either way , your entire grade for the class was determined by a single final called the Mastery Exam . Class was taught in C + + . The exam was 4 programming problem levels : D , C , B , A in order of increasing difficulty . Each level had 3 problem choices you picked one to implement . I think the time limit was 4 hours ?  It was not fun . You could totally prepare theoretically as they released most of problems well before the exam . So if you wanted to spend the time , you could just solve every problem beforehand . I knew of one insane person who actually decided memorizing every solution was easier than just learning to code , but hey , you know how CMU can be . However they also added new problems every year to the levels so rote memorization was kind of risky .  I called it hazing for a reason .  Question : what language are they teaching the intro classes in now ? Nightmares . i think i was in 15 125 ( which was for the information systems / humanity majors ) .  i got the d program to work but it was slightly wonky . asked a professor a question and he said that wouldnt work . got the c level program to work no problem , could not get the d level program coded how they wanted in spite of the outputs being right .  first F of my life . definitely sticks with me . That . . . sounds bad . If the situation got dire enough , I probably would go with rote memorization of the hardest problems and go for an A . Doesn t sound like anything we have in any of the intro classes anymore .  None of the intro classes teach C + + . 15 122 is taught in C0 ( similar to C in most respects but you won t destroy your computer if you make an infinite loop ) and then is transitioned into C . Side note : Fuck valgrind . 15 112 is taught in the newfangled Python , and so is 15 110 . R CLUB ASSEMBLE ! ! ! ! > I probably would go with rote memorization of the hardest problems and go for an A  All four levels of programs had to work to get an A . If you only got D working it was a D , If you only got C working , but not D , it was a D and etc .  If you went to class , did the labs and homework and used TA time in the Wean clusters the test was just nerve racking , not necessarily hard .  I believe it was explicitly the first of two weed out classes though . ( 15 211 being the other one ) My guess is CMU stopped being so punitive once it got so expensive Tuition in 1997 was 20 , 150 after all . never got to 211 ( see above comment , and im one year behind you ) , but i think that was taught by Mark Stehlik who used to throw pencils very high up and stick them in the ceiling IIRC .  To this day I cannot code and still have nightmares about it all and it's undoubtedly held me back slightly in life . I spelled it Carnegie Melon in my essay . . . Marnegie Cellon That s not berry good Fwiw I accidentally submitted my rough draft for the CMU essay on CommonApp , littered with typos , and they let me in . They might even get a chuckle out of your mistake ! Cranberry Melon  Carnage Meltdown  My heart is in the work . My hand is in your pocket .  But , really , they've seen it all . Don't worry . what if someone accidentally abbreviated it to CUM not CMU You're in good company ! [ Bunsen Honeydew ] ( https : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / Bunsen_Honeydew ) , the renowned muppet and scientist , is a graduate of Carnegie Mellonhead University . Newly accepted freshmen of CMU , don't fall into this trap ! Your work ethic is improved by taking care of yourself , not diminished . Insist on 8 hours of sleep , find healthy snacks that taste good to you , and exercise 3 or 4 times per week . You will accomplish more , not less . ( And you'll be happier ! ) 1 . When scheduling your day , take your self care seriously . Make your allotments in this order : sleep first , exercise second , work third , and play fourth . If you don't end up with any time for play , then try again because it's a crucial part of self care . You aren't thriving if you aren't having fun .  2 . For snacks , try different kinds of nuts , trail mix , carrots with hummus , berries , jerky , and dates . Especially try to avoid using desserts as snacks . Also , you can have electric kettles , portable induction stoves , rice makers , microwaves , and slow cookers in your rooms ( just nothing with a flame ) . No need to have them all , but consider getting one or two that will make it easier for you to pick healthier eating options — and remember that the keywords are * easier * and * healthier . *  3 . Consider signing up for the 1 credit pass fail exercise courses . They meet 3 times per week for about an hour , and there's no homework or performance requirements . I liked swimming , but they've got a surprising number of other sport and fitness options . Also , the gyms are free and / r / fitness is a great resource . Play ultimate frisbee ! My freshman fall , I had a class where I needed a ridiculous grade to get an A . So I studied but didn t go crazy and I slept well . I don t know if I managed the score or there was a curve but I got an A ! ! !  I was absolutely sleep deprived at CMU but I did make sure to make sleeping well was part of my study plan . And yes , make a plan , follow it , but also do not go beyond it . I'm pretty sure that during 251 I had more monster running through my veins than blood . Would not recommend . Get sleep and exercise : ) This is rad . As an alumnus I think it'd be pretty fun to drop tips and stuff in here periodically . I'll start thinking of one to do next week . This is great advice I never would ve considered on my own , thanks ! ! > I was absolutely sleep deprived at CMU but I did make sure to make sleeping well was part of my study plan .  I don't understand . The first and second half of the sentence seem to contradict each other . Thanks , glad to help ! Have a blast at CMU ! Sleep deprived through the semester . Not super horribly so . I was getting 5 6 hours when I needed 7 8 . But before tests , I would make sure to get more .  One was the status quo and the other was part of my study plan A big reason why I'm so uppity about getting enough sleep is because several of my psychology professors dedicated a significant amount of time to telling us the following :  1 . How much everybody underestimates the dangers of sleep deprivation and overestimates their knowledge about the importance of sleep . 2 . How little it takes for sleep deprivation to begin . 2 . How even just one day of missing only a couple hours has tangible , measurable effect on just about everything you can think of ( attention , memory formation , task completion , weight change , muscle maintenance , reaction time , self reported amount of daily energy , observed amount of daily activity , willpower , test performance , stress , anxiety , mood , ability to experience enjoyment . . . ) 4 . How quickly the effects accumulate . 5 . How long the effects persist even if you ( wisely ) sleep a bit more than what you normally need . 6 . How rare nights of inadequate sleep need to be to prevent small portions of those negative effects from becoming long term and / or permanent damage . 7 . How quickly those small portions accumulate . 7 . How all many terrifying neurological disorders become much more likely for people who don't get enough sleep , and have a higher chance of happening earlier in life . ( Have you ever thought about how terrifying and awful it must be to suffer from dementia or Alzheimer's ? Like , * really * imagined what it would be like ? And that's just the tip of the iceberg . )  Basically , the psych professors — especially my first one — scared the crap out of us . And of course they had tons of studies and meta studies to back up what they were saying . ( I regret not saving those references . )  Ever since then , I've been in utter disbelief that society is so casually accepting of things like college students not getting enough sleep , forcing kids and teenagers to wake up early for school , and pretty much anything else that interferes with sleep . It's insane . We're all insane .  Who knows how much smarter , faster , healthier , and just generally * better * I could've been if somebody had told me all this earlier ?  And who knows how many world changing ideas could've happened if our brightest minds performed that much better , stayed that much healthier , or lived that much longer ?  It makes me angry to think about .  Anyway , I hope I've been able to do the equivalent of shaking everyone here by the shoulders to make you all see how dangerous sleep deprivation really is , and how much society underestimates it . If I was even 10 % as sobering as any of my psych professors , then * good . *  * * tl ; dr Getting a * full * 8 hours * every * night needs to be everybody's * top * priority when it comes to time management . If you aren't terrified of sleep deprivation , then you're severely underestimating sleep deprivation . * *  Okay ! Next , let's cover the horrors of dehydration , and how incredibly crucial it is that you drink more water throughout the day if your urine isn't completely clear or at least nearly colorless . . . ; ) I ve been out of CMU for 9 years ; and out of grad school ( MS + PhD ) for 4 years . I actually got a good amount of sleep in grad school so I guess I ve been “ well rested for 8 years now . Why not all 9 ? Well , I have a 9 month . . . Hahaha , yep that's pretty unavoidable then . I don't know if 9 months is too long to say it , but congratulations ! cum . ( i hope this is allowed here , mods pls dont ban ) This is the quality of posts we miss out on frequently nice [ deleted ] Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice enjoy your ban , sinner https : / / i . imgur . com / 92cLOz7 . jpg Nice Nice Nice nice But why Nice phew , lol . i didnt wanna start off my college career by getting banned on reddit before even starting my freshman year 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5305 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 264156 . * * ` u / waynehu ` at * * 1 nice * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) [ deleted ] Nice Nice 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5305 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 24581 . * * ` u / akdagr8 ` at * * 4 nices * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5305 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 79142 . * * ` u / akdagr8 ` at * * 2 nices * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5346 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 264559 . * * ` u / idontEATmyownshit ` at * * 1 nice * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / troller122334 ` at * * 11345 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5435 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 264094 . * * ` u / jonpaolo02 ` at * * 1 nice * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5305 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 264162 . * * ` u / akdagr8 ` at * * 1 nice * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5305 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 39633 . * * ` u / akdagr8 ` at * * 3 nices * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5305 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 264185 . * * ` u / IFTW517 ` at * * 1 nice * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5469 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2767 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 265733 . * * ` u / Jack8839 ` at * * 1 nice * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5471 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2780 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 17360 . * * ` u / akdagr8 ` at * * 5 nices * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) You're the fresh crop we need , son you're gonna fit right in buddy nice 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5305 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 264161 . * * ` u / clorox_baratheon ` at * * 1 nice * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5311 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 79243 . * * ` u / qctum ` at * * 2 nices * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) Hurrah ! 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ( ﾟヮﾟ ) Nice Leaderboard * * 1 . * * ` u / RepliesNice ` at * * 5305 nices * *  * * 2 . * * ` u / Cxmputerize ` at * * 3988 nices * *  * * 3 . * * ` u / DOCTORDICK8 ` at * * 2708 nices * *  * * . . . * *  * * 264159 . * * ` u / qctum ` at * * 1 nice * *    ^ ( I ) ^ ( AM ) ^ ( A ) ^ ( BOT ) ^ ( | ) ^ ( REPLY ) ^ ( * * ! IGNORE * * ) ^ ( AND ) ^ ( I ) ^ ( WILL ) ^ ( STOP ) ^ ( REPLYING ) ^ ( TO ) ^ ( YOUR ) ^ ( COMMENTS ) Sunsets make you feel alive Very nice The last burning sunset of summer Whoa that building across the bridge in the old EV parking lot is really coming up pictur gud That's a really good photo Wonderful ! I wish that's all it took Man , I graduated only 7 years ago , and I can't believe how much that stretch of Forbes has changed . Thank you ! I'm new to Pitt , how cold does the weather get ? Thank you ! Thank you ! Thank you ! Haha same here , I've just noticed that today ( high of 87 ) was likely the last day of hot summer weather , as the temps from now on are in the 60s high / 40s low . Nothing wrong about it , just change . This professor teaching to stuffed animals to simulate an audience Nice taste in board games I gotta say stuffed animals are better listeners than students .  Nice . It hurts to see someone else living out your dreams . Nice . Scobell ? [ That's nothing ] ( https : / / i . imgur . com / nEQqoWp . jpg ) This is no mere mortal who walks among us Nice Nice . Yeah Nani ? ! ? ! Nice Nice . Nice . Nice . Nice Nice Nice ICE Rescinds New Online Course Rules Fuck yeah ! Happy for our international students . . .  . . . but welcome to a fully virtual semester ! [ deleted ] Needed to happen , honestly No idea but they're apparently rolling back to whatever the guidelines were before last week U can be fully remote no problem . The F1 should be secure Not disagreeing . But this policy was clearly an attempt to keep schools from going virtual . I admit I would like to see the university implement some sort of in person instruction , but it ll probably be easier now to move everything online . Because of how many students also really want that in person experience , I think the university is gonna keep trying really hard to have an in person option for everyone . ( They know who pays their bills . )  I just hope they aren't afraid to pull the plug and go fully online if the county gets even worse . this sub right now Finally a meme in this subreddit Don't forget the What clothes should I buy because I'm an 18 year old who can't dress themselves yet threads . Welcome to / r / cmu ! This looks like a question from a prospective or newly admitted student .  Please consider using the megathread instead of making a new post for questions about admissions , transfers , and general CMU info like majors and dorms . We get these kinds of questions a lot , and having the answers in one place is more helpful for everyone . Yours might already be answered ! Keep em coming OP actual lol CMU Scientists Solve 90 Year Old Geometry Problem ( ft . Mackey ) * featuring Mackey , everyone's favorite weight lifting , diet coke swigging , concepts teaching professor . Also featuring Joshua Brakensiek , Putnam fellow in the legendary year where CMU students were 3 out of the top 5 : https : / / www . cmu . edu / news / stories / archives / 2017 / april / putnam mathematics competition . html 90 years ? It still counts as late . I heard people congratulating him about this in class . crazy stuff * * Warning : * * Submitting late may result in the usage of a grace day or a grade penalty ! have a great first day of classes everyone ! Fuck 8 : 00 classes I can t sleep . Already a bungled start I m so nervous ! ! ! But thank you , you too ! Yep When Cmu asks you for donations while ur still drowning in student loan debt The best is when they contact you once you've met your MS requirements but are still getting a PhD .  Oh lots of people in your situation still donate a little bit every month .  Never hung up harder on anyone before . I will never understand why they call grad students and ask them to donate . The DISRESPECT They contacted my parents for donations while I was still a student  Any you will get 412 268 calls for the rest of your life : ) CMU : There are dozens of them ! DOZENS ! I think it's because if an alumni donates 5 or more it helps with their ranking on some of the best college lists .  Not completely sure though . Aaaand that's why I never pick up the phone when it's a call from Pittsburgh ! Not everyone at CMU can be smart . . . He missed the beep boop Lol rip You sure ? I think it d take a solid amount of genius to pull that off . This isn't where I parked my car It s just an art project For anybody curious about what actually happened , it sounds like a visitor to the Osher Center for Lifelong Learning got lost while looking for how to exit the parking lot near the Purnell Center for the Arts loading dock ( between Warner , Purnell , and Cyert Halls ) To be fair , that route IS on google streetview : https : / / goo . gl / maps / BMtHBPR6gBNpofdt9 A level of lost that includes carefully navigating a wheelchair cutout up onto a sidewalk , turning right down that sidewalk before turning left 10 15ft later and driving across a concrete patio , then turning right and driving down a stepping stone path to reach Warner s front plaza ( then going over the stairs ) .  Also IIRC all of that route after the initial sidewalk jump is actually on the roof of the lower level of Warner , not that you can really tell from above . The Fence painted to mark the death of Randy Pausch , ten years ago today . Richard Grenell has no business at CMU . Write to everyone . You'd probably be better off writing to Kiron Skinner and the other members of the executive committee of IPS , and not the staff admins and coordinators who had nothing to do with the hiring : [ https : / / www . cmu . edu / ips / people / index . html ] ( https : / / www . cmu . edu / ips / people / index . html )  Also , some contacts from : [ https : / / www . cmu . edu / news / stories / archives / 2018 / february / institute politics strategy . html ] ( https : / / www . cmu . edu / news / stories / archives / 2018 / february / institute politics strategy . html )  > IPS will be governed by the deans of the [ Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences ] ( https : / / www . cmu . edu / dietrich / ) , the [ College of Engineering ] ( https : / / engineering . cmu . edu / ) and the [ School of Computer Science ] ( https : / / www . cs . cmu . edu / ) . I * do * care about people's politics . Anyone retweeting Trump is an idiot at best , racist shit head at worst . This guy's a sack of crap . Could someone more aware than me tell me what's wrong with this guy ? I mean aside from the obvious . Anyone interested in getting a petition going ? Can circulate to alumni groups . Dr . Skinner's response to the criticism : [ https : / / www . cmu . edu / ips / kiron skinner statement richard grenell . html ] ( https : / / www . cmu . edu / ips / kiron skinner statement richard grenell . html ) My Letter to the IPS  Dear Madam / Sir ,  Please add me to the list of people concerned about CMU's appointment of Mr . Grenell . I am a staunch defender of speech and opposing views but I stand against hate and lies , and Mr . Grenell has embraced both .  I am also concerned that CMU is connecting its fine reputation with a person with no academic or intellectual credentials . I realize that all universities feel obliged to find a representative of the current administration for their faculty and that it is challenging in these dark times where the over riding philosophy is anit intellectualism and fascism , but CMU should not settle just to check a box .  Regretfully , Dr . Skinner , unfortunately , has a reputation for the way she treats students and people under her . In fact , reportedly , that's why she got fired from the State Department . I don't disagree ; I do think we should write her , as well , but I'm not entirely optimistic that the department will be altogether responsive , no matter who is written to . Dr . Skinner has a previous professional relationship with Mr . Grenell , and is likely the one who brought him on . This needs to go through channels that will hold them accountable . Kiron's Wikipedia page has a quote ( of advice she was given ) that made me do a double take .  People may oppose you , but when they realize you can hurt them , they'll join your side . [ [ ] ( https : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / Kiron_Skinner cite_note 5 ) That . . . yeah , that's a pretty big cultural gap with the people I would normally want to associate with . He has a pretty questionable background of actions his work as ambassador in Germany and counsel in Kosovo has been messy at best and destructive at worst ( Wikipedia , npr ) . His public presence is combative and disrespectful ( Twitter ) . He has made comments that some people are saying are racist , but I don't think the man is the open sort of asshole racist , it seems more like an ignorance thing . Anyways has been posting a lot of pro police things and nothing in support of BLM , so it's kinda contradictory to CMU's pro BLM statements .  His pros are that he's very pro LGBT and fights for LGBT rights in other countries . Regardless of his actions / effectiveness in these positions , he did get * appointed * as DNI and ambassador so that in theory is good . I don't think they outweigh his cons , but do your own research He is conservative and academia has long shown an open hostility to anything to the right of center . Apparently it has been done . Sign away : [ https : / / docs . google . com / document / d / 1KyZv _O01xRuwPzUX0N4yYY77RB7QIH1C4yMjetCK16U / ] ( https : / / docs . google . com / document / d / 1KyZv_O01xRuwPzUX0N4yYY77RB7QIH1C4yMjetCK16U / ) To clarify , I think this slightly predated the 2 petitions being circulated . damn can you say more about her reputation lol , never heard of that what was their prior relationship ?  edit : sounds like the knew each other from the Trump State Department . Kind of understating it there , even : he was the worst US ambassador to Germany in the modern period and was widely perceived as violating the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations by openly promoting the German far right , and his diplomacy in Kosovo resulted in their coalition government being toppled . An investigation in the German press concluded he is a vain , narcissistic person who dishes out aggressively , but can barely handle criticism .  His qualification for DNI was that he was a proven lackey who wouldn't allow pesky things like whistleblower complaints . huh thank you for your help ! I'll do some more digging myself as well that's true , but it's no reason to hire a vain , narcissistic person who dishes out aggressively , but can barely handle criticism , an internet troll with an extensive history of unhireable behavior online , someone who press reporting indicates may have committed multiple felonies as a lobbyist , and who disgraced the nation as a so called diplomat . Academia shows aversion to open aggression and trolling , because . . . yeah , if everyone copied those traits , it doesn't wind up a place where anyone would want to be .  Example . The Republican Party built it's current era of success on Nixon's Southern Strategy , which is loosely stoke racist fires to get the racists to vote for us , and our votes plus the racist votes is a pretty darn big block of people .  To anyone sane on the sidelines , that's terrifying . Hey , we got all the racists into our point of view . . . kinda makes it harder to accept for everyone else who's not racist . When you build political theory on a pile of trampled people , and then complain you don't get equal treatment , there's usually a back story you're * maybe * not admitting to . I have very little experience with her firsthand , so feel free to take this all with a grain of salt . But I've heard really terrible stories from people who DID experience her firsthand . You can find lots of articles about her dismissal from the State Department ; she published , I think in the Tartan , a response to the allegations against her when she returned to the university . It didn't really involve her taking a lot of responsibility , though , and mostly just went back to her arguing that there was more to it than what was said .  Before that , though , she had a reputation at CMU for singling students out and abusing her power . It's my understanding that when one of the first groups of students in the AMP / IRP program wrote a letter to her with some concerns they had about the program , she responded by sitting them down individually . Not to talk about the concerns , but to berate them and guilt them . I don't know all of the details for sure , but it's something I've heard from and heard confirmed by numerous IPS students .  You can also read plenty about her views on China online , and plenty of responses explaining all of the many layers of what's wrong with them . She has * quite * a few Fox News appearances you can watch where she talks about them , too .  I will say she has plenty of insight into the workings of government , and she does seem to enjoy sharing that insight with students . But her whole vibe is off putting at this point ; as an LGBT student , sitting across from her , listening to her talk about the workings of Trump's State Department , it's hard not to feel nauseous knowing that she was accused of homophobia and that's how she lost her State job . It's hard to swallow , knowing that the director of my department regularly appears on Fox News and has certain views , and worked on behalf of the Trump administration .  I'll also say that from my personal perspective , the way she interacts with students seems . . . sorta odd . She'll ask questions , but doesn't seem to be listening to the answer . She'll stand there and force a conversation along with a group who is obviously uncomfortable but afraid to leave , before leaving to talk to somebody else . Maybe it's a matter of my own personal bubble , but . . . I don't know any IPS student or alum who has an overall positive view on Dr . Skinner . I know a lot of students who were hopeful for a long time , but . . . not anymore .  I really wanted to like her . When I found out the head of the department was a Black woman with a lot of experience and who seemed to have a lot of respect outside of the university , I was really excited ; I thought that maybe it signaled an emphasis on diversity and inclusion . As an LGBT woman interested in a career in politics , that's important to me . Over time , though , the excitement dwindled first realizing that all of her appearances the department shares are on Fox News , reading through her pieces on China , the State Department thing , hearing other students' and alumni experiences with her , and now with Grenell . I don't trust her , I don't share her views , and I am not comfortable being a part of the department in its current state . I don't feel recognized or heard as an LGBT student .  And , to be clear , it's * * not * * that she's a conservative . It's that she apparently allows her views to apparently influence the way she runs the department , as we see with the current situation , and she doesn't respond to pushback , as we see now , as we saw with her response last summer , and as I've seen in stories of other students' experiences . There were calls for her to be fired last summer after the State thing broke . But almost a year later , here she is , having stayed on long enough for yet another scandal . Yea I've been fighting this battle on overheard all day and it has numbed me to how bad some of it is because with most people the argument is he can't be racist , he's married to a black man . Everything about it is exhausting > he was the worst US ambassador to Germany in the modern period  He wasn't any worse than Phil Murphy who created a massive diplomatic scandal with the Wikileaks Diplomatic Cables and how he treated Merkle . . . > a vain , narcissistic person who dishes out aggressively , but can barely handle criticism ,  Have the professors changed that much from my time at CMU ? You just described a huge portion of the faculty . Especially if you put forth any views to the right of Roger Rouse . . . > Academia shows aversion to open aggression and trolling , because . . . yeah , if everyone copied those traits , it doesn't wind up a place where anyone would want to be .  LOL , like there isn't socialists and communists in academia . . .  But hey if you want to just think that all conservatives are just racists you do you .  Also , if you think liberals don't have any racists , then you have to ignore the significant left wing anti semitism issue . Yeah thank you for elaborating . I m about to read some more articles on this too . Yeah he was , actually . Murphy had a stadium sendoff from Berlin and he and Merkel are cordial by all accounts .  > Many previous U . S . ambassadors were major political and social figures in the capital , enjoying excellent connections to the Chancellery and federal ministries , and playing host to the most powerful and influential personalities in Germany .  > Barack Obama's ambassador , Philip Murphy , invited longtime adversaries Helmut Kohl and Merkel to his dining room in 2012 for discreet talks aimed at reducing the tensions between them . By the time his tenure was over after four years , he had made so many friends he had to rent out the Olympic Stadium for his goodbye party . This is wild whataboutism , and ignores 3 / 4 of the listed issues , so . . .  Grenell really isn't the hill you want to die on as a conservative advocating for conservative hires . I'm not really accepting socialists and communists are openly aggressive and trolling ; you're gonna have to show your work on that one . Some of them , absolutely . As a group ? Yeah , citation would be useful . I just don't see it .  On all conservatives being racist ? If you're not calling out shitty behavior of the people you're standing next to , it's pretty hard to determine whether or not you're also guilty of the same shitty behavior . If your entire party's philosophy literally catered to racists to win office for 50 + years , that's . . . yeah , that's literally what just happened , and so so few member of the Republican party are willing to admit it , so I'm kinda stuck at least on the entire Republican party seems to be built on a racist foundation .  If you want to go off roading here on Israel , I think it's fair to say that liberals have a pretty significant argument with Israel's policies towards Palestine . But some of those liberals are also , well , Jewish , so calling it anti semitism feels like trying to make the discussion taboo to sweep it under the rug ?  As an example there , the IDF basically has the same problem the American police do ; if you can and do ! kill people you shouldn't be killing , with nearly zero repercussions , not everyone is going to love you for it ?  [ https : / / abcnews . go . com / International / wireStory / israeli soldier community service killing gazan 71323585 ] ( https : / / abcnews . go . com / International / wireStory / israeli soldier community service killing gazan 71323585 )  Saying the IDF shouldn't kill people with no oversight and no repercussions . . . isn't the same as being anti semitic , but various groups continually try to merge the two viewpoints to smear the call for oversight . Finishing with them not hating each other doesn't mean that he was a good ambassador . The wikileaks scandal was beyond any issues the Grinnell had . Hell , your edit even  Not to mention most of the complaints you read about Grinnell come from left wing German politicians . . . Of course he rocked the boat a bit . Obama let Germany get away with anything . We are trying to get them back aligned with doing their part in NATO and not getting in bed with Russia and Iran . Is Grinnell any worse than liberal hires ? The hill to die on is equal treatment . If someone with Grinnell's qualifications but a liberal would have no issues being hired , then the same should apply to conservatives . There shouldn't be a secret higher bar to be a conservative in academia . Similar to why the ABA is being discredited as a rating agency for judges . Judges with similar qualifications get a higher rating when liberal instead of conservative .  The other 3 / 4th are biased opinions . . . > I'm not really accepting socialists and communists are openly aggressive and trolling ; you're gonna have to show your work on that one . Some of them , absolutely . As a group ? Yeah , citation would be useful . I just don't see it .  So your point is that as a group , conservatives are aggressive and trolling while it is only 'some bad apples' on the left ?  > On all conservatives being racist ? If you're not calling out shitty behavior of the people you're standing next to , it's pretty hard to determine whether or not you're also guilty of the same shitty behavior . If your entire party's philosophy literally catered to racists to win office for 50 + years , that's . . . yeah , that's literally what just happened , and so so few member of the Republican party are willing to admit it , so I'm kinda stuck at least on the entire Republican party seems to be built on a racist foundation  So your entire argument boils down to only Republicans cater to racists . . .  This seems like a whole bunch of double standards . . .  > If you want to go off roading here on Israel , I think it's fair to say that liberals have a pretty significant argument with Israel's policies towards Palestine . But some of those liberals are also , well , Jewish , so calling it anti semitism feels like trying to make the discussion taboo to sweep it under the rug ?  I never said all criticisms of Israel is anti semitic . As long as it doesn't fail the 3Ds  > isn't the same as being anti semitic , but various groups continually try to merge the two viewpoints to smear the call for oversight .  Claiming that the jews have hypnotized the world is . Claiming that the jews have bought off the world is . Supporting BDS is . > Finishing with them not hating each other doesn't mean that he was a good ambassador .  It does speak to him being tremendously better than Grenell . Also , the situation seems to be a bit better than them not hating each other : Murphy came to Berlin in mid October . The Democrat is now the governor of New Jersey , and , unlike Grenell , he is still liked and well connected in Germany . Through his friend Christoph Heusgen , the German ambassador to the U . N . in New York , he sent out feelers about whether the chancellor might want to meet him for a brief coffee . . . . Merkel politely declined . She didn't want to annoy Trump unnecessarily by inviting one of his most prominent critics into the Chancellery . And then there was Grenell : How was she to credibly brush him off after meeting with one of his predecessors ? Murphy understood . Maybe next time .  > The wikileaks scandal was beyond any issues the Grinnell had .  Actually not at all . Murphy had his name attached to a few criticisms of German leaders that were never intended for public consumption . The German leaders mostly didn't care that much , and he did damage control that was needed in the press .  > Not to mention most of the complaints you read about Grinnell come from left wing German politicians . . .  . . . in Berlin , he has largely become isolated . The powerful avoid him . Doors have been shut . Few politicians to the left of the right wing populist Alternative for Germany ( AFD ) and the populist conservative Christian Social Union ( CSU ) , the Bavarian sister party of Merkel's center right Christian Democrats ( CDU ) , want to be seen with him . That's an unprecedented ostracism of a US ambassador to Germany by the government and most politicians .  https : / / www . spiegel . de / international / world / u s ambassador richard grenell is isolated in berlin a 1247610 . html > Is Grinnell any worse than liberal hires ?  Yes , he's a uniquely bad hire in the history of CMU IPS .  > The hill to die on is equal treatment .  OK , that's not this hill .  > If someone with Grinnell's qualifications but a liberal would have no issues being hired  Because every liberal ambassador to Germany didn't have the constellation of red flags we just discussed .  > the ABA is being discredited  fucking lol My point is if the rest of the group doesn't call out bad behavior , the bad behavior is on the group , not the individual .  Massively , the left doesn't condone violence . I see people call out shitty behavior . It ain't perfect , but the trend is good .  Republicans barely win presidential elections , and built about a third of their votes on racism . Like , that is The Southern Strategy , and it's in the Nixon recordings . That never changed , that I can tell .  I haven't seen antisemitism on the left , literally ever . I've seen tons of criticism of Israel's government . If your beliefs are that the left is anti Semitic , I'd really really need more context to discuss further on that one . > That's an unprecedented ostracism of a US ambassador to Germany by the government and most politicians .  Again , because he wasn't there to make Friends but to change the direction of German foreign policy . > Yes , he's a uniquely bad hire in the history of CMU IPS .  Really ? He is the worst hire in the history of CMU IPS ? Most of the fellows never even came close to an ambassadorship or being the Director of National Intelligence .  I am sure if James Clapper had been hired , then no one on campus would have cared . . .  I didn't see similar freak outs when American University hired Susan Rice . . .  > Because every liberal ambassador to Germany didn't have the constellation of red flags we just discussed .  That isn't what I claimed . . . We are talking about Liberal Fellows , not liberal ambassadors . Most liberal ambassadors are just rich donors . . .  > fucking lol  [ https : / / www . nationalreview . com / bench memos / yes the aba is still a left wing advocacy group / ] ( https : / / www . nationalreview . com / bench memos / yes the aba is still a left wing advocacy group / )  [ https : / / www . jstor . org / stable / 41759317 ? seq = 1 ] ( https : / / www . jstor . org / stable / 41759317 ? seq = 1 )  [ https : / / www . washingtontimes . com / news / 2019 / nov / 20 / american bar associations evaluation of judicial n / ] ( https : / / www . washingtontimes . com / news / 2019 / nov / 20 / american bar associations evaluation of judicial n / )  [ https : / / www . theatlantic . com / ideas / archive / 2019 / 11 / aba nominations process vandyke / 601441 / ] ( https : / / www . theatlantic . com / ideas / archive / 2019 / 11 / aba nominations process vandyke / 601441 / ) > My point is if the rest of the group doesn't call out bad behavior , the bad behavior is on the group , not the individual .  What is your evidence that the left does this and not the right ?  Hell , when Ilhan Omar made anti semitic comments , the resolution got so watered down , she even voted for it . When Steve King made similar comments , he got kicked out of his committees and then the GOP primary voters kicked him out .  > Massively , the left doesn't condone violence  Based on what ? And what is your evidence that the right does ?  > I see people call out shitty behavior . It ain't perfect , but the trend is good .  As does the right .  > Republicans barely win presidential elections ,  Same with Democrats . Since 1980 the GOP has won a majority of the popular vote in Presidential elections 4 times . Democrats won a majority 2 times .  > and built about a third of their votes on racism .  Source on about 1 / 3 of their votes being based on racism ?  > Like , that is The Southern Strategy , and it's in the Nixon recordings . That never changed , that I can tell .  The Southern Strategy was a failure . The GOP took over the South through a 100 year trend of the realignment of religious values with the right , especially as the left became more pro abortion . The South started turning towards GOP at the turn of the 20th century , where you started having some southern states vote GOP in wave elections ( e . g . , Hoover in 1928 ) this continued as more southern states voted GOP in wave elections like Eisenhower . Then the South became bellwether states voting for the winner between Nixon and Clinton . It wasn't until Bush that the South became the solid GOP at the Presidential Level .  Not to mention , most racist Southern Democrats stayed Racist Southern Democrats . George Wallace was the Democratic Governor of Alabama 20 years after Nixon got elected President . . .  > I haven't seen antisemitism on the left , literally ever . I've seen tons of criticism of Israel's government . If your beliefs are that the left is anti Semitic , I'd really really need more context to discuss further on that one .  LOL , Jeremy Corbyn , Ilhan Omar , Rashida Tlaib , Louis Farrakhan etc don't exist ? BDS is pushed by the left as well . How about the women's march being discredited for their leaderships anti semitism .  The right gets some racist white people to vote for them . The left gets some racist white people as well , and also some racist minorities . It's painfully obvious that you have no idea how diplomacy works when the country isn't run by a narcissistic man child who appoints people in his own image . You change policy by forging relationships , not offending most of the country and being ostracized so that your only outlet is in the fringe press . Grenell's effect on German policy was meager , and the damage he did to America's rep in Germany is his legacy . > He is the worst hire in the history of CMU IPS ? Most of the fellows never even came close to an ambassadorship or being the Director of National Intelligence .  Yes , very likely . Grenell is worse than those lower profile hires could ever plausibly be due to his high and bad profile . He represents a unique reputational danger to CMU . There's a lot here , and I don't know that this is worth either of our time . I'm going to focus on one bit , because it's batshit misleading to me ; it's bad enough I'm not actually reading the rest . : /  > Same with Democrats . Since 1980 the GOP has won a majority of the popular vote in Presidential elections 4 times . Democrats won a majority 2 times .  Your anecdote is technically correct , but holy shit , misleading .  Democrats have won by clear margins , pretty much every time . Clinton beat George HW by 6 % . He beat Dole by almost 9 % . Obama beat McCain by like 7 % , and Romney by 4 % .  For your anecdote , there have only been five Presidential elections where the winner didn't also have the most votes . The only two in the last 100 + years were George W Bush and Trump .  Good luck to ya . ; ) LOL , no one is saying Trump is perfect or even good . I just find it hilarious the cognitive dissonance of the Obama Bros in thinking his foreign policy was in any way successful . Obama cared more about being liked than about furthering Pax Americana . Trump isn't much better but at least he is willing to do things like make Iran realize we are not a push over . > undoubtedly .  Since I doubt you , I don't think you used this word correctly . . . You probably meant 'in my very biased opinion' not 'undoubtedly' .  & x200B ;  > He represents a unique reputational danger to CMU .  Did American University present a reputational danger to American ? How about James Clapper to CNAS ? If he presents a 'reputational danger' it is only because the reputation is built on a double standard of ignoring liberal disqualifications and over indexing on conservative . Hell , there were professors in the History department who were Stalin apologists or anti capitalist communists . Both worse things than Grinnell and they were actually teaching students . . .  & x200B ;  Also , funny how you ignored all of the evidence about the ABA that I posted for you . Not so 'fucking lol' when you have to deal with evidence you don't like . . . > I'm going to focus on one bit , because it's batshit misleading to me ;  & x200B ;  It is only batshit misleading if you have bad reading comprehension .  & x200B ;  > it's bad enough I'm not actually reading the rest . : /  LOL , just ignore anything that would cause you cognitive dissonance . Only the right is bad . Liberals are never racist . yadadada .  > Your anecdote is technically correct , but holy shit , misleading .  It is only misleading for people too stupid to understand the difference between plurality , majority , and what 'winning' the popular vote means . ( hint the third thing is nothing )  > Democrats have won by clear margins , pretty much every time . Clinton beat George HW by 6 % . He beat Dole by almost 9 % . Obama beat McCain by like 7 % , and Romney by 4 % .  Yet Clinton never won a majority of the popular vote . . .  Also , what do you mean 'have won by clear margins' ? You are citing popular vote margins in a statement about winning the Presidency . That is nonsensical since the popular vote is meaningless in determining the presidency .  > For your anecdote , there have only been five Presidential elections where the winner didn't also have the most votes . The only two in the last 100 + years were George W Bush and Trump .  Would you be willing to bet your life that those results would be the same if the popular vote actually mattered ?  Also , Nixon probably won the popular vote against Kennedy but Democrats did some super shady shit in Alabama . My first day at CMU , love the campus so far ! I'm just glad they don't have that ghastly welcome ece students banner up . I am a photography hobbyist , are there any photography / videography clubs at CMU ? Congratulations ! Hope you love it here Have you been to Flagstaff Hill yet ? It s up . . . There's a photography club , but the The Tartan Newspaper would love to have you ! > Thank you ! Nope > : V oh okay , will check it out . Thank you ! Merry Christmas everyone ! Happy holidays guys : ) don t forget your daily leetcode When the Pittsburgh campus transitions to online classes , I would like to kindly ask all lectures , recitations , and office hours to stream via Twitch . tartan1 donated 5  > wtf is going on in this class  Haha , thanks for your support to the CS department ! . . which concludes our proof of this theorem  Twitch chat : POG POG POG We're gonna need more emotes ResidentSleeper ResidentSleeper ResidentSleeper . . .  Office hours streams sound hilarious . Imagine TA's holding whiteboards up to their webcams . . . Oh boy that'd be an awesome phenomenon to behold . is that how the alumni office of gifting will be asking ? mash that like and subscribe button , and don't forget our patreon link in the comments . Sorry to burst your bubble but we have Panopto lol tartan1 cheered with 32 bits  That leads right into our discussion about 2's complement ! Sorry to burst * your * bubble but we also have Twitch lmao / s Missed sunset views from this place . Shot today ! Good luck on finals this week ! Procrastination is part of the process I've my GRE , one final , and a grad school application all scheduled for Tuesday and Wednesday . Safe to I am screwing the GRE and the exam . believeinyourself Good luck ! I m sure you ll crush it ! Does anyone have any suggestions to improve this schedule ? seems pretty standard to me As long as you develop good study habits , you ll be fine . Yeah , you don't have enough StuCos . Add at least 3 StuCos and you should be good to go . No 8ams . Seems like a good schedule to me . Take OS you coward Bro are you sure you'll have enough credits to graduate ? Thursday seems pretty light tbh Where s 15 112 Not enough CS courses Lmao come on man you need more units if ur tryna be a full time student . . . Aren't you a chem major ? Tired of all the r / iamverysmart freshmen in 18 100 bombarding the chat Hi ! TA for the course here !  I wouldn't worry too much about the freshman flexing their APs on the first day of lecture . You're absolutely right about about the rigor of CMU subduing them however , it'll likely be much sooner than sophomore year . ( think : 2 3 weeks once the course material veers from basic E & M to more ECE stuff )  Regarding lecture , you're certainly not alone . It's hard to stay engaged when you're in a ( Zoom ) room with 150 other students . I recommend taking advantage of office hours , small groups and recitations to get more personalized interaction with the course staff . ( this is true for many , many other courses in ECE and at CMU ) CMU can and will destroy even the largest of egos . I wouldn't worry about it too much : ) lol you're most definitely not alone in feeling this . I think people are just excited to get started so I'm sure the frequent messages in the chat and showing off will slow down when we get past the first week . There was a saying at CMU in CS : You either have imposter syndrome or you're an asshole . It s so glorious to watch CMU crush freshmen s souls in a matter of weeks . I feel you . There are even more people like this in intro level cs courses lul ( 110 and 112 , 122 is a bit better ) . If anything it puts down all the people who didn t take E & M / couldn t , I don t want anyone to drop the class because of imposter syndrome . Not to mention , for those who * didn't * learn this stuff in high school , classmates showing off just distracts the course staff and consumes time that could be used to help people . I went to a broke rural high school that didn't offer AP Physics , programing classes , robotics , etc . so other than the basic Ohm's Law type stuff I had picked up from helping my dad work on cars this stuff was new to me . I guess it's less of a problem with online lectures , but one of the things I struggled with Freshman / Sophomore year was professors tending to breeze through material because they just assumed the students had learned it in high school . There is a bit of a learning curve for people to understand the big fish in a small pond dynamic is gone . Endure it for like 2 weeks . Egos get killed by week 3 Just remember that a lot of freshmen barely even know how to boil a pot of water without starting a fire . I wouldn't let it get to you .  And yes , my junior year , my gf was an RA and literally had freshmen from her dorm set an electric kettle on fire while trying to boil water . Oh my goodness I feel this so much , I ve been ranting about this to anyone who ll listen since Tuesday . : ( Not considering 18 100 to be an engaging class is quite a frequent opinion . I wouldn't worry about it , to this day I still consider it the worst course I have taken in the ECE department , due to awful lectures , boring homeworks , and uninteresting labs .  The 200 level cores are much more engaging and interesting , but also , significantly more difficult . It's good that you've already developed this humility . A lot of CMU students have to learn it the hard way , when they get their asses handed to them by a difficult course . Hey , thanks for reaching out !  Yeah , it was a bit of a heat of the moment thing . Good to know that the subduing is more imminent than I thought though , lol . I will try to make the most out of those support systems ( I regret not having done so earlier in high school ) . Thanks : ) I kinda posted this at the heat of the moment ( during the lecture actually lol ) . I projected zoom onto the TV with my phone and Idk if it's a mobile feature or sth but basically half the lecture slides were covered with popups throughout the entire lecture lol .  Regardless , I look forward to the mass destruction . ; 0 > Ya I kinda posted this at the heat of the moment ( during the lecture actually lol ) . I projected zoom onto the TV with my phone and Idk if it's a mobile feature or sth but basically half the lecture slides were covered with popups throughout the entire lecture lol .  All's good ! lol sounds about right good thing my soul's already been sucked out lolol My 122 chat has been unbearable as well honestly Honestly seeing some of the TA freshmen interactions have been very . . . cringe . . . to say the least . I feel bad for them lol . I love tutoring so I wanted to apply for a TA role ASAP but I'm reconsidering it at least until I unlock upperclassmen classes . Yeah , don't do that . Even if you end up not getting that great a grade in 18 100 don't get discouraged if you're able to do well in other classes . The class has probably changed a ton since I was a freshman ( Fall 2007 ) but back then it was quite common for the class average on exams to be in the 50s 60s . I didn't do that well in 18 100 but ended up being a lot better at digital design and systems programming , and later ended up being a TA for Embedded Systems and the FPGA capstone . Ya definitely . They kept on saying RIP to people who didn't take E & M and honestly , pestering public chats like that doesn't help ? ? lol . I do think part of the admission requirements for CIT is taking a yearlong physics course at least at the high school level , so I wouldn't worry too much about it . Same here . My high school only offered three AP courses : Calc , Stats , and 2D Studio Art . It took me a long time to adjust to CMU , but it gets easier as you go and your classmates get more humble as you go . Definitely . They kept on saying RIP to people who didn't take E & M and honestly , pestering public chats like that doesn't help ? I feel like the curriculum isn't exactly best thought out , as my last class breezed through what would be months of high school E & M in one go .  Though I wasn't half as out there or showy as some of these people , I myself definitely dismissed the value of hard work in high school , which came back to bite me by the end . I'm still learning how to put in my best work , and honestly , if anything , I feel like coming with the right work ethic is the best headstart to anything . College ( or education in general ) is a marathon after all . Kudos to you for picking it up . I mean , even if it has been and is like that , keeping some humility at all times can't hurt , I guess . lol I honestly wonder if 18 100 is deliberately a bore out class . A lot of the concepts aren't that difficult , but at least when I took the class something like 3 / 4 of the material was solving giant systems of equations disguised as circuits that probably didn't even do anything useful . I think the students would learn the equations better if the circuits were practical , and as a bonus they'd actually be able to construct a useful circuit . Honestly , it's such a turn off that I was contemplating dropping ECE entirely and follow the holy trail to SCS ( very original ) . The general consensus is that while the class used to be a weeder course , it has gotten significantly easier in recent years > They kept on saying RIP to people who didn't take E & M and honestly , pestering public chats like that doesn't help ? ? lol .  This is extremely inappropriate for a course chat . CMU has been doing a lot in the past few years to support students' mental health , and this is a detriment to that .  I would consider bringing it up to the TAs . Agreed . My high school offered AP Calc but I had to take it online because in my 12th grade year only 2 people wanted to take it and the school wasn't willing to have a teacher teach 2 students for a whole year . When you come from a background like that , you're catching up to the people who learned it all in high school for the first year or two , but very often those people end up struggling with the 300 400 level classes because they got used to not having to put in much effort . I meant for them , lol There's still hope yet it looks like there's a lot of new stuff in the course this year compared to last year's syllabus , which hopefully will make it a lot more exciting this sem ? Yeah I know . I meant everybody by now should have a basic understanding of humility . After all , they had 18 years to do so . That's interesting . I took 18 100 years ago and also remember it being quite boring . Are you comfortable sharing what new material was added ? I took it in F07 and I think it's changed quite a bit since then : P I know at some point they added assembly language ( initially it was AVR , I think it might be RISC V now ) . People will go there whole lives and never learn humility . Good luck . Was still AVR as of last semester , dunno if they changed it this sem , they sent us ARM based Arduinos though which is . . . interesting . One of the labs involves implementing I2C , I'm wondering whether they'll have us do it from scratch or just import a library . . . my first day at cmu enjoy the nice weather when you can Well at least your wallet isn't a virgin anymore . ( looks at my 105 , 000 in student debt , then to my MS thrown on the shelf collecting dust ) .   No worries tho , love CMU and am happily employed in the Valley . ; ) Enjoy CMU and your friends to the fullest ! Chances to explore and create won't come by often . It won t last long ! y all jinxed it . No , that's just Pittsburgh . = D bbq got cancelled : / / Sorry to hear that . But don't worry . There will be others . Keep your eyes open during the semester also . Lots of events have free food . None of the food is ever good , but hey . . . . At least it s free , right ? For anyone who missed the Beep Boop fence last week F Tartan Testing : 30 minutes of no food or drink before test is not enough This is really good information but I mostly wanted to comment saying your throwaway name is hilarious Pro tip : For a faster testing experience , stop swallowing your saliva on your walk over to the ECG I've heard that another concern is that there are too many bubbles in the test vial ; apparently people should be trying to tap on the sides of the vial to ensure that the fill level is above the line even without bubbles . Fwiw , I had coffee a little under an hour before my test and it was fine , but I did drink a lot of water around 20 minutes before the test . Make sure you are really well hydrated You should ALWAYS rinse your mouth after a meal . Are funnels too expensive for CMU ? I had quite a bit of reduced yield trying to fill the tiny tube without a funnel . Take C @ CM over the summer Ye . Taking c @ cm during the sem is wasteful What exactly is C @ CM ? Sorry clueless incoming freshman here : ) ) And don t leave it until the last week to complete . The system locks you out if you haven t completed a certain percentage of the work . I can second this . If you just skim through it takes like an afternoon at most . [ deleted ] What was it called before C @ CM . I remember doing something like this in 2006 but I forget the name . At the time , it was all about using * nix CLI and some permission stuff .  * * EDIT * * : I spent an hour going through my old emails and couldn't find it . I asked my wife ( met at CMU ) and she suggested I check my old transcript : 99 101 Computing Skills Workshop ( called CSW ) It s “ Computing at Carnegie Mellon , a required 3 unit pass / fail class all freshmen have to take . You ll hear more about it once you get in contact with your advisor and get your canvas set up . It s basically rules about computer use and stuff on campus . Super simple , basic , easy . You get the opportunity to do it online before coming and take the test during orientation , or take it during the semester . If you don t do it over the summer , it s a mini you have to show up once a week for an hour long class where attendance is mandatory and do the exact same work . When you have your initial contact with your advisor , they ll walk you through it . Wasn't it just CMUnix ? > Computing Skills Workshop ( called CSW )  That's what I remember it being called . Specifically the acronym . Ahh ty for the clarification ! Yikes yeah that sounds like a major waste of time I m definitely doing that over the summer [ deleted ] I really don't think so . . . See my edit . I found it . 99 101 Computing Skills Workshop ( called CSW ) Over the summer . I think it was around June for me , but it might depend on your advisor and college . Spotted on the Hamerschlag House roof I believe it's on The Shroof . [ deleted ] Sry for the bad picture quality . Damn yeah , forgot that when making the post Some of the original drawings for campus buildings ( around 1905 ) These are some early drawings of campus buildings done by the architect Henry Hornbostel . Hornbostel , the first architect for Carnegie Mellon , was famous in his day for the beauty of his perspective drawings .  The first picture is most recognizable as an early idea for ( what would later be called ) Hamerschlag Hall . Note the original conception interfaced with the railway in Junction Hollow .  The second picture is ( I think ! ) where Hunt Library now stands . Since Frew Street was originally the primary road interface to campus , a monumental entrance was planned between Baker and the College of Fine Arts .  The third picture is looking down Margaret Morrison St . You can see how the building on the right is the back of CFA , which looks relatively similar to how it does today . Between the two buildings , another monumental entrance has been planned , which connects to the monumental entrance in Picture 2 . ( The left building is the profile of the building in Profile 2 . )  These plans were adapted over time , but overall Hornbostel was successful in realizing his plans , except for some of the more flashier elements . Later , he had planned an eight story dining hall / administrative building for where Hunt Library is , but the plan was never realized due to world events . ( Great Depression , etc . )  This is part of my capstone research . If you're interested in learning more , I'll be giving another architectural history tour this Wednesday at 4 : 00pm . We'll be meeting directly in front of the entrance of CFA . I always wondered this but had no idea who to ask but since you know a lot about cmu , what was at the current UC location before the uc ? This is really cool ! Would also be neat to see pictures of these spots today from the same location / angle , for comparison purposes . how did we f it up this bad from that to what we have now lol . I transferred but lowkey I would've so stayed if our campus looked like that lol Skibo Hall , the old Student Center , was torn down in 1994 to make way for the UC . https : / / www . cs . cmu . edu / afs / cs / project / cil / mwm / skibo / sk2 . html Yes ! The mediocre Skibo Hall was demolished to make way for the UC . Originally , CMU was a commuter school for technical studies ( carpentry , machine work , etc ) , which meant the original campus plans didn't need student spaces like dining halls and lounges .  Over time , CMU transitioned into a more conventional university and so they built Skibo in the 60s .  * Before * Skibo , there was a hill there . In the 50s the hill was cut and the dirt was used in part to fill in the ravine that used to be in front of the Carnegie Public Library in Oakland . I think that's a shame there was probably a beautiful view there before .  Let me know if you have any other questions ! Blame the Great Depression and the sixties ! Ask me anything about CMU and edit your question after I respond to make me look dumb . what is the strangest thing you've ever pleasured yourself with Made any friends since you've gotten onto campus ? What do you say in bed every night while gently caressing your lecture notes from that day ? First porn star you masturbated to ? What were you trying to do when you fell off the Panther Hollow Bridge last semester ? What memory has shaped the path of your life more than any other ? What s the best thing about having all your classes in the same room ? Where did he touch you ? What's your favorite thing about 15 251 ? Where do you see yourself in 10 years ? What class can you get off during and * not * get caught ? El Gallo bowl with spicy chicken Too few to remember : ( Gotta love Irina Farnam Walking to the Sky , of course ! I will never forget my first iNoodle rice bowl Unlimited sleep ANSYS The work ! Desperately try to reattain my high school video game skills 226 : / Respectable That's not what I meant . Here , show me on this doll . Good luck though Hamerschlag Hall this evening ( x post from r / pics ) It looked gorgeous from the top of CFA as well . Seriously a major perk of long evenings in the drawing studio ! Sunset from last week or so : http : / / imgur . com / I6Cq3DG almost makes me nostalgic for CMU . . . not .  but really . flagstaff hill . dat lens flair . 4th of July Fence This is pretty fantastic . That is the best fence I have ever seen . Damn . Hey , I know the guy that did this ! Good job Jon . I don't get the ignore your elders side . My son's at Pre C AP / EA right now . I just texted him the Brit side and he texted me back the American reply . Epic . I really liked this fence . AMERICA ! Second best America fence I've seen : ) ( Not much will beat the one after we got Bin Laden ) It's probably my favorite fence I've seen . The Brits attempted to impose many sanctions and restrictions on the colonies . Eventually , the colonists began ignoring them which lead to an increase in Brittain's military presence , to enforce the sanctions and restrictions , which lead to armed rebellion , etc . . . Unpopular opinion : Remote learning has been better for me I like to learn on my own pace . I definitely love remote / online learning . I like this , but I'd like to be in class too ! ( Safely obviously ) it s def also been nice w the open book take home exams and stuff too . but i miss office hours in person : ) Not unpopular , but I definitely wouldn t mind a little more interaction with professors . On one hand , I had a class last sem where being able to rewatch lectures improved my performance dramatically . On the other hand , I reeeally don't enjoy rewatching these 80 min lectures cause then I'm spending like 1 . 5x more time on these classes . So my personal opinion is kinda mixed on this one : / Some of my classes don't record , which really sucks because I can't focus on a screen . I must admit I didn't have an opinion either way on how you were handling distance learning . I don t think this is a very unpopular opinion I agree about the learning part of it , but the social life has really been lacking + 1 some profs don't record because they want you to attend , but I get distracted really easily and learn better asynchronously when I can set my own pace . I've been retaining information better from classes where I just view recordings . However , synchronous sessions definitely make instructors more approachable for clarification questions . The number one thing I miss from in person is not the classes it's being able to brainstorm with friends at OH , given a reasonable whiteboard policy . Yeah , all my classes are doing it one person at a time so you have to get there first , otherwise you'll wait an hour or not see one at all . > ss lectures and recordings at my own leisure . I rarely ever understand something the first time I hear it . I find myself having to literally cling on to every word the professor says and if I miss one little thing , then I am totally lost . Now that lectures are recorded , I can just go back and replay sections I don't understand so that  I replay the lectures at 2X speed . Give it a try . Worked wonders for me ! the classic reddit DAE do this < controversial but popular thing > ? ? ? Sunrises on campus are pretty lively too Every sunrise I saw in college was from the wrong side of an all nighter . Same tbh there is a special feeling sitting in front of an algebra problem sheet and you look at the clock reach 6 am and it's getting light outside and you see your buddies doing their mechE hw or watching youtube vids CS alumni starter pack I hate this school This school is hard as shit and makes alot of valedictorians feel like high school drop outs . Take solace in knowing “ real life isn t this hard , and you will be incredibly well prepared for any job you want . This is my second Master s degree and this program makes my last Master s feel like kindergarten . All that being said it is never too late to start over and take a new path . > If I leave , I m a lazy entitled asshole who didn t try hard enough .  Says who ? Who cares what other people think ? Do what is healthy and sensible for you . If you let society / other people dictate how you feel for the rest of your life , you'll be extremely lucky if you ever find happiness .  Do something about your stress . Do not delay . It sounds severe . Seek counseling , transfer out , switch to another major , any other reasonable solution . Or stick it out until you graduate , with a plan for what you want to do different after you graduate , knowing that real life is much easier than CMU . Don't let a vague image of societal standards tell you what to do .  Sorry for being blunt . Best of luck going forward . I'm going to echo what people have said : real life isn't actually as hard as CMU most of the time . I graduated nearly a decade ago and that's largely been true for me thus far .  The degree is worth it in that I've found it incredibly easy to get jobs , and the network is amazing .  Stick with it . Change majors if you want , or transfer uni if it's absolutely impossible . But just remember that you're not the only one and it will get better . Double confirming , real life is easier than the first couple of years at CMU . The trick is to find the intersection of what you re good at , what you enjoy , and what is viable as a career path . Then , move yourself closer to that every semester . It makes things more enjoyable as you go and sets you up to be happier once you re out of there . I honestly thought after cmu I had no future in my field bc I needed to go to grad school and I did horribly in my upper level core classes . Somehow I got into a top 20 grad school , which has been way easier than cmu ever was and I m going to be okay and I have a chance at making it . Basically , cmu is hard . It sucks . It doesn t even make sense when you look back on it . But literally everyone I ve met who had a shit time at cmu still managed to get a great job or go to a great grad school , so somehow it will work out , just keep plugging away ( and maybe get a therapist to have support while you do ) . PS : I probably should have transferred but I had enough inertia at that point that I just couldn t do anything else except graduate with my degree . No frills . It s fine if that s what happens . Graduation was honestly one of the worst days of my life because I felt like a fraud . Since going to more school I feel like I did actually learn something at cmu and I have tools that are valuable from that experience but idk it isn t exactly the type of thing you appreciate in the moment . i feel : ( Deep breath and give yourself a moment of two You are at CMU , it's gonna be academically challenging , and with that mentally challenging Covid doesn't make the situation any better Let loose over the weekend and just lay low There are definitely resources you can use to help you get through . Talk to your advisor , see what they think about your current course workload . CaPS can help you deal with stress . There should be some help groups with 1 on 1 tutoring . Things are especially tough right now due to the pandemic . Hope you make it through ! Same homie . Shit's just hard . I only really made it through my freshman year by just going on autopilot and essentially just not giving a shit whether I got low grades or high ones , just doing my best . Even if it fucks your academic performance a bit , take a day off if you're really not feeling it , it's better for your motivation and mental health in the long run . Also make sure to hang out with friends often , helps take your kind off of school . If you want to accomplish great things , it will be much more challenging than any curriculum . Don't stress about your grades , just focusing on achieving your goals . same ! except i dont hate the the school ( yet ) , only myself The good news is you can certainly get a job that pays a decent amount that's much easier than your degree . So after this , you will have time and money for the things you love , and the job , well , you might not be in love with it , but it won't be the shitshow that school is . Not only are you going to CMU , you're going to CMU in A GODDAMNED PANDEMIC ! ! ! !  Cut your self some slack . Please recognize that you are affected by the ongoing trauma this country has been dealing with , the same as all the rest of us are . Some of us just hide it better .  It is entirely OK to not be OK . Please reach out for help . There's a lot of it available to you for free if you just ask . I second everything else has already said : leave if you need to leave , don't be afraid to start something new if it means you won't be on a trajectory you hate , and yes , real life is way easier .  My sophomore year , I HAAAATED everything about being at CMU . It got a lot better when a ) I was done with gen ed classes , and b ) the weather got warmer . I know it sounds dumb and trivial , but for me ( and I definitely don't mean to imply this is universally applicable ! ) , the constant clouds / darkness / rain was excruciating I cried at the prospect of having to go through it a second time . The fact that the whole world felt dark made personal / academic issues feel insurmountable . Only because I was dispirited to the point of immobilization did I stick around , but it did get better . I'm sure covid also adds a ton of complications . Just know that you won't always feel this way , and trust that it's ok to make a change . Everyone's paying a lot of money for college , and you should be paying for a product you actually want . CMU can be brutal and it can be a kick in the head , especially if you did well in high school and aren't used to being pushed to your limits academically . But I can affirm what others have said here that the professional world will almost certainly be a breeze comparatively . Furthermore , the school's reputation certainly does open doors .  All that being said , don't keep it all inside and suffer by yourself . I was lonely , stressed , and depressed for the first few years at CMU , until I realized I needed to make changes and get help . Try reaching out to the school counselors it can really make a difference and they're there to help you . Also try talking with your advisor about the work load and how you feel ; it's their job to assist you on your path .  If you need to reduce your course load or even take a break from school for your wellbeing , it doesn't mean you are a failure , and your health and happiness is the most important thing . Perhaps CMU isn't the right place for you and that's ok ! It can also be hard to gauge how happy we are with a major or field of study when under lots of pressure , but try to take some time to examine whether what you're doing is really for you . Remember , it's never too late to make changes .  I also found that it helped to get involved with at least one club or group on campus . Social connections can make a huge difference in your overall happiness and stress level .  I know all of this seems like common sense , but it can get better . Remember , we're still in a pandemic and I can't imagine how much harder that is making things for you . Don't be too tough on yourself . I sincerely hope things turn around for you ! Thanks for saying this . Fuck the expectations , fuck the standards . CMU is no joke and for a lot of people , not worth the stress . OP , follow your instincts on this one , your mental health is the priority . What's the weather like ? I wish I had read this as a freshman , coming from california I looked outside the window during O week , saw gray clouds , convinced myself that it must be cold and wore layers , and stepped out into 90 degree heat and humidity .  I also ran outside in shorts and slippers when I saw it snowing for the first time . That excitement wore off quickly after walking through slosh down beeler and slipping many , many times on ice .  Good times I kinda want this in the sidebar , for what do I need to know about winter . Nice post !  One suggestion : compare it to other cities in the region ; the entire audience for this is from , well , somewhere else .  Pittsburgh's weather is basically northeastern . The climate is less hot and humid than Washington , DC , and is very similar to NYC ( but with less rain ) . But yup , more cloudy days ; we're not coastal , and are just upwind of some mountains .  Or , I'd take this over Boston or Chicago winters . ; ) For those originating from warm climates who now live off campus : if you travel over winter break , do not turn off the heat in your apartment . You can turn it down as low as 56 F ( 13 C ) , but absolutely not any lower . Winter in Pittsburgh can be so cold that leftover water in pipes can freeze and cause the pipes to burst . Landlords do not like this , and neither will your soggy / icy belongings ! tldr weather in pittsburgh sucks . Also just to add , January and February ( possibly unto early March as well ) are almost always cloudy , don't expect to see much sun ! the point about a waterproof backpack is great . Twice , I tried running home on a very rainy day , only to discover my laptop and notebooks in a puddle of water because water seeped through ( my laptop is kind of fine ) .  also : do not run on the ground in winter months . I slipped and fell on black ice and broke my glasses . ( there was a nice shop that fixed them for free though , bless them ) Please take care of your skin in the winter ! Mine became awful here . . . Depending where you live , you might even need to leave the faucets dripping overnight to prevent the pipes from freezing , and make sure you leave the cabinet doors open to have the warmer air get to the pipes . Grandma use to put a heater in front of her kitchen sink during cold nights . Last spring on the third day of classes I left an evening class and as I walked to the bus stop in the snow , I didn't pay enough attention to the ground , slipped right off the sidewalk thanks to a pile of slush , and bruised a bone in my knee because I slammed it so hard on the corner of the sidewalk . Definitely move slowly and carefully in the winter months ! ouch . . . good advice ! Did you know CMU intentionally phishes us ? My colleagues and I were the ones that pioneered a lot of this simulated phishing , back in the mid 2000s , just as phishing attacks were starting to become common .  Below is one of our research papers . We did a fairly large study at CMU ( ~ 500 people ) and found that falling for a simulated phish greatly reduces the likelihood of falling for at least the next month ( which was the length of our study ) .  http : / / citeseerx . ist . psu . edu / viewdoc / download ? doi = 10 . 1 . 1 . 210 . 5532 & rep = rep1 & type = pdf  Surprisingly , almost everyone thinks that older people are more likely to fall for phish , but it turns out young people are , and by a pretty large margin ( see Table 6 ) .  Anyway , this work was commercialized as Wombat Security Technologies , which was acquired by Proofpoint about 2 years ago . It's a good example of research influencing practice and having a pretty positive impact . The company I work for does this too ! I believe it's because they have some kind of cyber security insurance , and if too many people click on the phishing emails their premiums go up I got in trouble my freshman year for “ clicking a phishing link , except I had manually typed in the actual ` cmu . edu / computing / foo ` address that was ostensibly being spoofed . I was already logged into my Andrew account in another tab , so it automatically authenticated and directly showed me the gotcha page .  The detection method they were using was entirely “ did someone access this page while Andrew authenticated ? Then they got phished . Never mind that it was an email from an actual Computing Services email address , hosted on a legitimate Computing Services URL , and using the same unified login portal . * c @ cm wants to know your location * They do it because it's funny This is very common . Pretty much any organization of any appreciable size runs this kind of simulation more or less continuously . That's a bottomkek right there It's a common security control . Most decent InfoSec programs include it . It's more likely it got instituted as part of a security requirement to fulfill standards for a government grant .  It would be very very unusual to have results of a phishing exercise tied to the premium on your cyber insurance . New comers , here's a sneak peek of what you'll be seeing throughout the year . Enjoy ! Not enough tent Not enough rain ECE Majors * The timelapse of a single early spring day in PGH . Not enough construction Not enough DH2315 . And not enough rain . Wow this looks really nice in all of those pics still . You re making me want to go here even more even though that 280k in a span of 4 years is the thing holding me back Wait if this is meant to represent the four seasons does that mean I'll literally have to live in darkness for 1 / 4 of my year ? > ! / s ! < No , there are photos of daylight in there I've got good news and bad news . The bad news is that you have to live in darkness for half the year . The good news is that you've been doing that for your entire life . CMU professor criticizes President's Jahanian's response to student concerns about Richard Grenell Professor Eiss suggests Jahanian's response was a missed opportunity to reflect on the spirit of CMU's Code of Ethics .  > To be clear : I am not making the argument that Grenell should be subject to punitive action under the Code , of the kind that might be called for in the context of the falsification of academic research results . What I am proposing is that a consideration of Grenell s action in terms of the Code could have provided an opportunity to identify the ways his action may have violated the spirit of the Code and the standards of an academic community . It could have provided an opportunity to reflect on the core ideals of our community , and about the continued importance of evidence , ethics , and truth for the university , even in a time of “ post truth and “ alternative facts in public discourse . But Jahanian did not take those opportunities to clarify the values and standards of Carnegie Mellon as an academic community . Instead , he delivered a statement to students about the importance of free speech : something of which , I imagine , they were already keenly aware .  * * Background : * *  Student letter to Jahanian ( Nov 10 ) : [ https : / / www . cmu . edu / leadership / assets / pdf / hold grenell accountable . pdf ] ( https : / / www . cmu . edu / leadership / assets / pdf / hold grenell accountable . pdf )  Jahanian's response to students ( Nov 18 ) : [ https : / / www . cmu . edu / leadership / president / campus comms / 2020 / 2020 11 18 . html ] ( https : / / www . cmu . edu / leadership / president / campus comms / 2020 / 2020 11 18 . html ) Absolutely brilliant .  For folks who still do NOT think Grenell engaged in bad behavior and spreading mis information , here's some facts ( from the letter ) :  ` Let s imagine a different approach to this difficult issue , focused on a single one of the many episodes documented in the students Nov . 12 letter ( I do not address here , for instance , Grenell s anti Chinese statements , which are also worthy of consideration . On Nov . 2 , the day before the presidential election , Grenell recirculated over ` * * Twitter a photograph of a maskless Joe Biden * * ` from a pre pandemic ( Nov . 2019 issue of Vogue ) magazine — though ` * * with caption and date information removed * * ` . Grenell offered the photograph as evidence of Biden s hypocrisy on the issue of mask wearing and public health . One day before the election , this tweet went out to Grenell s more than 600 , 000 followers , and was re forwarded tens of thousands of times thereafter , including by one talk radio host with several million followers . As voters — including those who had read the deceptive tweet — prepared to go to the polls , Grenell was contacted by multiple correspondents about this error . Initially , he responded not by correcting or admitting his action , but by attacking those who pointed it out . Eventually , he removed the post from his Twitter account , but presumably only once its benefit , in the context of the Nov . 3 election , was realized , and in any case without ever publicly acknowledging his misuse of the photograph in question . ) `  ` It is patently evident that Grenell s action constitutes lying . But it was worse than just a lie ; it also involved the deliberate falsification and circulation of a document in the public record . As such , this action is egregious , particularly when considered in the context of an academic community that is fundamentally committed to the proper discovery , use , and dissemination of evidence . A situation somewhat like this one is anticipated in the very opening lines of Carnegie Mellon's Code , which expresses an expectation that all members of the university community — whether faculty , staff or students — engage in the “ responsible conduct of research , and prohibits those members from “ engaging in research misconduct , including fabrication , falsification or plagiarism in proposing , performing or reviewing research , or in reporting research results . `  It is interesting that so many people downvoted me on a previous post just because I spoke out on this fact a bit more bluntly . I get it , many of us are proud of CMU and being a CMU student , whether currently attending or alumni status .  Still , playing politics , sly wordplay , and dodging to address ethics , especially given that Grenell's actions on Twitter probably did mislead millions of voters , is a testament of terrible , repugnant leadership .  Wake up folks .  Edit : Formatting Jahanian's response is some of the most limp dick shit I've seen in my entire life . Can't wait for the trump admin and their cronies to fade into irrelevance . . . or is that just my wishful thinking , sigh . How come I feel like I've gotten told multiple times its important to keep a clean image on social media cause employers will check that before hiring you yet this Grenell guy gets to spout off on Twitter and no one at CMU's whatever dept thought it might cause any issues ? Reminder that according to Jahanian , Richard Grenell is not breaking the CMU mask rules by not wearing masks at Trump rallies because he has not been present on campus at any point .