uh, on october 11th, i tell you a thing to be out, i can't tell
october you mean finals
can't tell whether we are yah
let me tell you one thing, but we can say that we have entered the third but mr. cheng.
because top four
how much is area five
that then who takes that top one that foucia*
because i have been bug, he said that result will go out when it will go out when it will go out.
it is score that is the score then why he said that he said that he did not know that the but top five does not have n.t.u.u.
where can you tell me about tricia and take one eight
you can be imagine name* list* even submit, one or six or five, it is very strong
yes, one fifty -one is jane
our topal is fifty -seven
you can’t take hopefully, you must have time to rely on you
what time is happy to what
at 8:00 last year, he will shoot individual.
you, you really can't then, you can go to then very early, you can tell dominique that like this is like this, let me shoot first.
calling thata, but c. i. you should not understand c. i.
to hopefully
i don’t understand but office result.
maybe male will be lost this time
deceptive yan bo said that he was very bad.
if he has no ya, he won us more than 20 points, they will get the top of the championship
just take top
as far as we are more than five or four, they are more than 20 points.
their topo* is more than five or six
you count as in total and their top four
i don’t understand how i shot it last year because i didn’t sleep because i didn't sleep.
really last year you didn't sleep for three days and night, so you, you, you don’t want to sleep, you should take a 180 or what
if you have neuropathy, i do f.y.p. it's enough
my camera
funny breakfast i asked ruibao
say and wait for meet, we go to dinner after dinner after dinner
i go to gym at six o'clock at six o'clock
our gym arrives at eight o'clock, leh then, i will talk
you are going to you, you have to go to gym
i just i occur to me that, you, you don’t have meet. we eat it.
i don't have meeting anymore
i didn’t tell you about my group-manate then yesterday. you also talk about you when you come, i my group-mate
if you have meeting ya, i do n’t have reconcile that part with the part you talked about
ruohui talks about farm mart to eat
ah then i will talk about or rars-
if hui said that because you drove, do you want to go to farm mart?
i did n’t drive, so i can go to farm mart.
well, i will go to farm mart then, he will talk about it
the question is not to go to farm mart, where are we going to find cab and come back and he talks about the shuttle bus
in fact, i am okay then, he said that he has driving
go to gym for an hour to talk about after that
when i opened my calendar yesterday, i opened my calendar
this worship liu ruohui s birthday
ruibao and qinghui into a m.s.n. window then i will talk about
i don't understand what they talk about
he has no i think, he doesn't have save, i don’t understand
i just scroll up, i obviously wrote that ruohui s birthday this saturday.
he went to check his me ~ message history
i tell you about right that day
a long time ago, there was a monday eh
i don’t understand, i don’t know if i told you once, i don’t take the train with mobile broadband
on train
we just understand zhang, and then i don’t understand.
did he not get up yet?
the book cause i was saying sometying above
i am quite guilty, every time i scold my dad cause, my dad is annoying me all day
that book for one more day he is then his exact words is
he is l.o.l.
for this stunt every time
his is selective, he will also replace in his mind himself
you everyday is in blur. he talks about then i will talk about your no life like-because you see him online then
before you talk about it, i want to talk about another
i saw him online again, i had my god sunday, you also on ~ you really no like like-he will ya now that i think about it i weekdays
should he not be able to use his chemical bio science thing, do you have to go to lab to do it right?
actually, i don’t understand what he is doing. i think
that kind of slack
i don’t know if i don't know because of that time the first time.
for one day, then you remember that ruibao asked everyone to go to vivo to drink tea and drink coffee.
just show that hopefully will put the then later, join, we are right, let's right
there is no one without chungan, he in the end # pangseh # oh, he didn't know what the then, he did not know what to do.do then do we think his boss is going to do
i do n’t know that that day, andy has some roche, i do n’t understand what recce ah the point is after that.
when rui bao said, he said that he blame him to say that he didn't understand that suddenly talking about a peggy, do you understand?
she is still reading her pair to her to be sixth year this year
that kind of exam
each time he did, he simply took m. c.
so i am assume-then he is like alvin. he is just like alvin
if you do n’t do the then, take m. c. first?
i just have this kind of mentality.
he took the third class, and he almost clicked his f. y. p. scream up. he took b. minus c. plus
i really told him to give a really like give me d i wanna see my friend
fart if prop get you d, i cut my head for you really
you must be a student, you are yours, what is his new, what do i forget what the word is?
i have the most powerful i have to take d plus and i haven't seen me result
there is a certain d plus for then kelmo*(name).
but i think he packed all day, otherwise he would teach what tuition
no, but just like the like three point five came out of then, he suddenly fell liao
he also packed a lot of module. he packed it when he did roomie with qingwei.
he packed a lot of module and he didn't go to class every day.
he is full time tuition teacher
there is no reading part time at all
so alvin's grade is very good
i am very exclusive to those who take m.c.
he will take m.c. i think
very foundted 对 the whole of the entire sem was wasted
why do you want to sneak in m.c.
but the modules of i think engineering side are you
i think it is a waste of that sem, my die die continues to take then how this looks like this
if you understand, do you understand or not, you do n’t understand, you just look at past year paper, you just don’t know if you can't go.
i really think that andy-phua is second-ups
bringing then
many subjects andy
he just assume that-
otherwise it is i thought he. o. because
in this way, he can also graduate in four years
he will run to i.o. so he don’t waste time.
but as much as my result is very # cui # 可 可 可 可 可 and there are
ya if you don't understand
my core
but i take minor then, i just passed through the complete complete
for me, there is a minor then u.e. all is complete. so i don't need to take u.e. at all
tingyu, minor many right
my status is already year four standing
so technically speaking, if i do in that sem, i do n’t want to go. o.
i don't, i don’t want to go to i.a. then i go to i.o.
then or rather, i. o. do not do it first.
you go to i.o.
this year, i can graduate cause
because i mind take i. a.
but because of my minor-to exactly
obviously the usual route is directly taken to i.a. where can anyone want to say ta ~
no right because right because of then you should
uh, lihua, my two women, and charmaine right
they all go to take i.o.o.
they should not be read.
they don’t want rush then. if they take i. o., they can take more elective
i always thought i.a. is ten
how much is this i.a.?
but if i take i. o. i have to find my own company what
you just have half sem's tuition fees at the school where you can have graduated earlier
not i. o. you must find it yourself and i. o. finding it must not be so
to the that and if you go to right yourself
what you find will definitely not be very realted field. it seems that charmaine and them deliberately because they understand that they go to i.a. they will die there.
right
they want to take i. o. so you can find a job yourself, so long as you get-you work but
you do it non-related
she didn't do the managing size she did by i.t. programming side at all
she was thrown into i think.
when she is apply, all her choices cannit get in, ah, school will throw her into com engine
and when she used to be econs in her a-levels take
so she has never read like computing in j.c. huh.
later, she went to com engine. she had died over there.
those ass mass were written by me
just the first year of my java-
i don’t understand but, i understand her programming seems to be that kind
really propramming module all took d e plus
it’s okay if i have never learned programming so
he is the then of from engine. he is also a levels who gets bad and rotten. then he was thrown into the engine but then.
his year one sem two came to econs then i still have two more friends and a woman is even worse. she is me.
but it seems that if you are in year one, you can also be a hard-
you have passed year one, you
i don’t understand, i don’t understand her transfer has no but not but
you can change it when you want to spend extra but then, and you can change it when year one sem one sem two
happy with com engine
change course ya
there are more hands on things
you run to appeal accounting for what
i like it very much. i think i am reading the right thing. i am very happy. at that time, i did n’t enter the appeal accountation
because my first choice, i put it in the account, i did n’t put it into the accessory because i did n’t put it into the accons then.
i think the three years then some more is a professional job that
when i was poly, i took business numatics* then
i need to read accounting, i hate it very much
in my life, all of my accounting never balance
my topal-you know exam, i just
turn that page then that p.n.l. and balance sheet can never balance, i just # wahlau # 翻 s 翻 翻 i don't think too much.
i seem to take a d in the end of the right ye
you just write gain some marks at at least. you did not deduct i think
when minor e.
i think heck
at most, i can't take the test at most. i will take b plus i think in the end.
don't understand but-
i test elective i can take anything better than
in fact, there are not many two or three points for so i rars s.u.u.u. it but
so you don't plan to s.u.
for me, i did n’t take marketing without taking before. in fact, when i was in poly, i did n’t carry that things like the things like four piece.
you go to take marketing, you are the most # zai # like this
and the funy thing is also entreu ~ i right when i was minor e.
i will feel that it is actually a very simple thing.
i can write it out without turning the textbook. what is the expliced force?
swots
i still think that amazingly i actually know my work
i really understand what is happy, so that then has that business plan concept
for i think, you will do it for a long time to do it for you for a long time
just all the premise
later, it was clash with i core. i just want to think about me just sem.
uh past year exam, she said that she must have made then, tell her
but if project, i don’t understand how i want to be troublesome because of f.y.p. next year.
take marketing
i think something like groupwork is also very good
your group-mate
i amp-mate is also the kind of # cui # to # lausai # i am # beh-tahan # him
oh my god, we have made a few week five now we are still being dragged slowly over there
i don’t understand ok the truth is my other assignments. i have no time to have no room for cai ruibao's group assignment.
when i passed five minutes and it was snooze, i got up then
when i got up, when i closed hand-phone
ah, do they wake up? but i didn’t ask like are you awake. i will talk about it
uh ruibao talks about i think eight thirty
to the sent message of my hand-phone later, i see what i send to the fourth group member
everyone thinks it is eight thirty
it's eight thirty, i just
for me, i don’t understand why i just like to say the day time then nicte ~ night time when i talk about it
i also told me yesterday to tell me eight clock
it's eight thirty, eight clock, i am very sad. i still talk about it.
i wrote eight clock
press off
i originally wanted meet to eat breakfast
my nastead of that sleep button, i will drop directly with cancel
as soon as i to that toa-payoh m. r. t. station, i see that many people say that there is a miserable announdment and says there is some delay in the previous road, what is e
there is that moment, i go in, i see the train opposite, i just talk about it, i can take jurong-east to to school.
it's just delay ten minutes. i think no point
because if you are on you, you should also go back to the ten minutes
just half an hour then #lanlan #
it is ang-mo ~ from ang-mo-kio, it will produce a new train i think because bish ~ bishan is the depot
without it, i went to jurong-east then
after everyone got out of the car, those people got on the car and walked back to jurong-east what
you know what right as in jurong-east is talking about
not just three tracks, the middle track in the middle
after coming, after that, everyone got out of the car
or ang-mo-kio person will go to buona-vista and will take it to what
i don’t understand chua-chu-kang. go to pasir-ris.
just like that line's green line
there must be some sidelines. i don’t need to grab the like
grab the priority seat sitting
in those three tracks, it will go directly to the track of the pasir-ris
i have to go to the way or
for the then i just like yah me, then
i just stood there and watched the train closer and closer
that train roots
you are waiting for the middle train
i just have hesitate hestent, do you want to match it?
i just want to think that i will take it
that boon-lay trin
that card will put pasir-ris
so he will make anchorment talk
yes, just i think, you will know because it is always starts from ang-mo-kio
this is quite cool
actually, i don’t understand if you think about it.
because it has an inter-change, it is expo.
when they think-our secondary school, they started to have expo and changi-aiirport
i don’t understand that i didn’t get it in tanah-mrah before
i think it will be the kind of you when you start the build transport system all twenty years ago.
at that time they had plan to build a changei-airport follow
but i am very amazed like deserved government's government all day with scholars and like
for right i think, there will be such a plan to do it.
they are really plan's type of twenty years ahead
that kind of inter-change and stuff like that that
i think it's strange that bishan is obviously only two line, why do he intentionally build uh, the extension
it requires built an extension to come out of what, but it has so happen that-
this makes sense no wonder
she just who she is in her new home is the kind of no bus service.
the peak of ang-mo-kio it is also the kind of super expensive
but my home is also okay. my home is not a totally come with flooring.
you can't see that wires and stuff it, it is in-boilt
so i still think it's a good like to the toilet.
you know sister jing, she bought the peak
it doesn't matter that the next thing is to the next thing, so if you buy the peak then, you will tell her. wow, that is the stupidest thing to do
where is the peak? i have never heard
that is the place
in toa-payoh, it is very famous and famous, but it is all very expensive because it is too expensive
it has that show flat thenen i and i and jerrin. # gian # to see the.
my four room
but my family was only ninety three meter square then what is one o. one or something like that
for then, let's talk about you # kam #, why do you buy so expensive
yes ya
there is no six thousand, just the highest is start with four four hundredred
but her boyfriend is done by like
i should turn on the computer, we can you know
you are apply, you must get married with you
i am getting married for without a few years
twenty -four yah twenty -seven married
do you understand how much money mervin makes?
it is this kind of four k. now
to exactly
for mervin, he told him that pay will not be too high to qualify for. if you want to buy h.d.b.
if you want to buy h. d.
otherwise, you have no subsidy or whatever then.
but do you know? as in asked your plan
we have never talked about what we are going to get married. the thing is, i do n’t understand end of the year every time, will we be together?
sister's birthday dinner, his sister, how old is twenty -one years old
two days younger than me like me
six nights i ate me and me and mervin ate dinner
i can ask everyone
this is so right to the thing
that day, she asked me when you graduated. i will wait for me to wait for her. then you will get married and give birth to a child, then the thing is.plan plans
but why do she want you and she would talk about things like early
because she thinks she feels late, she is very late.
right for but the thing is, they are going to get married, they haven’t been together for a long time. they are going to get married
actually my uh, you know right my cousin me # gor-gor # him
for then, they feel like like, you should go to the house next year, you should apply for the kind of thing for three years.
when they i think, when he one one, he applied for the house
you know right
and i tell you that he actually has no intention to apply flat's then because his girlfriend is because his girlfriend
that woman will be early in graduate for two years what in fact
i don’t know if i think cause is my aunt's house. my aunt's house gives him pocket money. he is quite like that kind of like.
my mother told us to apply for pinnacle at duxton
then okay application
his my father's father borrowed a lot of money to to
ya ya is in the end and they have an application
i don’t understand that i think's application is to give the right of some deposit or some stuff
without you, it's just ten dollars to draw that lucky draw
yes, yes, i really borrowed money from my uncle to to return that thing
ten percent of ten percent
that woman is too much, she hurts you, the deposit
only happen
it's not very familiar because
she has been popular since i was together with j. two.
she will talk to me about then. later, yah i am very stunned and that huh
that's expert mode, let me tell you
he can also maintain's first class
because i still go to my aunt's house, the period i think
ya
i want to forfeit
later
but you can’t play this game, you can’t play this game.
he can buy it with parents
for the woman i think, she is guilty then-in fact. you understand that woman
this is a good thing but in the end. they have no reunion
it's not i think me #gor-gor #-i thinking attempt to do a test
he felt like like and the feeling is not right anymore cause. i know that you have betrayed me
to then
and the woman i think, the woman wants ya ya the uh, the woman, he said that he did not go to the done i know either th ~ she attempted to get in the down and
in the end she was with the man whatever lah because they were colleagues what then
the woman who was later was that the woman said, then she said, then break up my #gor gor # was at least crazy about the question mark question mark exclaming mark. he just ya then
sunny perak has no expect this
later, i think, he really upset and upset
my cause my uncle is a avid collector of bank note
no, no, no, uh, uh, side track, he me #gor gor # uh, my
after accepting the 40 years of bank notes then, there are many, many of them, and sometimes i go to his house. he will go. i do. i try not to change with him. every time he asked me, he asked medon't want to talk to him very much
he just said, he wants to do e.-business.
after break with him
in fact, if he didn't do anything from beginning to end, i was doing it at all. i will be out of casual.he gave me that he gave me
it's a lot of money.
just my family* is good to me
super cool, then in the end house, what to do with # gor-gor #
just only the room of only deposit but has not built what
you don’t understand but that money has returned that money
when the flat is good, if he has a girlfriend now, he said that if he and pei ling to get married
he will go to appeal to h. d. b. to can help help? change that name you know as in
i follow me and this woman but ya. now i blow but this woman. i am about to marry another woman.
not because you didn't reach you, you had to wait three years to give that r.o.m. cert.
there was no the thing is that he should put the room at that time, and he couldn't get it back.
to the the quality of happen to know that, they are not together.
so he thought that because of my past life, his forty years of working life, he was in h. d. b. working
to it is to okay that is a good idea
he is the kind of officer but now.
regardless of her i think that woman has nothing to say. i mean. if she minds, then that money will
it should be that the woman who will not mind right
she will be instalment and if it is really forfeit
every time i look at those online website
the entire building has come up with i think, they are just doing inside
every time i look at me, i am very excited then. at that time, i told everyone
is it right?
it's beautiful, beautiful, and beautiful, do you understand if it is link?
i told you that i was so envious of then i will tell everyone that you know my # gor-gor # apply
there is in the middle of then
it's quite pleasant to see, after the eye-
the woman who has been with him for six years will be like that wedding ok wedding will not bring but not brought the butding
what kind of chinese new year will see her this way that
after they are break, i # gor-gor # i know how he get to know this girl but he get involve with this
he told that woman later told him that when she was a child, his father, molest, was step-father. the background of the kind of complicated.make up the ticket after getting in the car
she is a high-flyer
i'm not very clear now, what happened to the butt is ya i guses me # gor-gor # just realize that-
after getting on the car first, replenish the ticket to have a child. in addition to the child, ya think later i think, the over some circumstances i think
strange style
because i think the two people are really together and you all breakup, you can’t be friends
i don't know if i and roy
i still like to speak out ok the thing is he is in perth so
we do not have a lot of connection at all, so ya but we can strong talk so fine
later after the woman, the woman
after being together, then oh ok ok, the woman, what kind of her friend like what her friend, what is the kind of me# gor-gor# to tell me this story.question mark, where do you go to know, i did n’t talk about her but i think my# gor-gor# is also more and more complicated
ya
but she is not the kind of like i seem to be the kind of terminal stage.
she seems to be the kind of white ame some type of like cancer but like
tell him honestly and talk about said something. if you want to leave me, you want to leave me
he did not have me, but i really think that he is the kind of side in fact because i think that woman is the kind of side in fact.working in microsoft
you seem to like the like banking side you are very aggressive you have the power to
very like you are controlling my everything, then
my friend, who is my friend, is two years older than he is two years older than him
he was the name of jobny job in j.a.m. because he is a thing that the job to go for the interview then that he is quit.
i feel that the people in banking may look like in facil now. now i ’m # gor-gor # when m.r.k. i also think he is very aggressive. i will tell you right
for the woman, the woman is very i think, they have some profm because that woman is very aggressive.
just the kind of banking, ya i think it are trained
she really attempt to discuss him for a long time for a long and long for a long time. maybe it ’s been a long time.
because at that time they were together with like less than in three months or what then my aunt's birthday
then the woman talked about i want to come for the celebration as well
it's strange to the # gor-gor # say something like we are you know
very ya
i don't seem to have that part
it seems that i heard that my aunt is not very happy to think that the woman is too aggressive like this
it should be because ok is at least watching at least the eye, i have read that
so you ya so my aunt know with the current girlfriend
that leukemia that girl, she is really the kind of taller# youxiu# and very ya, it is very demure and everything.the kind of one because i followed me
i don’t understand whether to go to minds cafe t.
don't pay me the woman, i think like what the it
i just quietly because i know what you are is happing between yours just like keeping quiet that
at that time, he would ask me to go because the person of ya same era, then sitting there and playing mahjong and playing.the aunt's house is maisonette so when the second and second floors go away to him
he seemed to go to her to bring his girlfriend up his girlfriend, like like sitting bus or whatever then, he went to pick her up
because i think, his first two girlfriends, he also took the group of friends so, the group of friends, who had seen the first two and ya, and they talked about then. i joked. i said. yours talks about yours.you you behave like inxistence, so you# jitao# tell him in front of me and talk about it. you really want to talk with you is nothing we can do also.
no such aggressive
sometimes she likes like saying, if my second sister organize chalet or whatever then
when she comes, she will speak, then oh th-ok, why would i be more impressed why i would quite more than i didn't like her because of that time because i did not like her
wearing that slippers, she said that it is difficult to wear this shoe, it ’s difficult to wear, there will be blister then, i will say that i wear that little because you are now painful. she said ok.when the woman walked to that carpark, then carpark's floor was very muddy and stuff like that then
at that time, i didn't stain the butn, who was so muddy.
for the.
for appreciation to me, ya didn't see it very well. she is out. i think ok is going to you.
just ya i am good to you, you are also at least for show some thank you
she is the kind of my hi bye friend new year, what is the rest of my life, if you really do my cousin in law
so fortunately, but at least, the kind of type who i don’t want to scold people if i don’t see it
yes, i saw me 56 munites something some just now
my lab or rather, i went to my lab to open the computer to do yesterday’s things because of yesterday
nothing to do atything at all at all
that half an hour i just did shit, i couldn't run or rather, i thought i was right. i wanted to look at load file.there are only two running and the other two without running. i cap. i just wondering why i watched that error for a long time. i was on the message there. when you are you you, i am there. i am there.
look at it, i started shit. i did n’t have copy's files over of course.
i just left it there, i just came down and i came down. i hurry up beface. i see me.
rui bao, in fact, ruibao took the class of 4 to 6:30 with me. don't go to i think
that module does not need to go, although i have no intention to go to it as on networks. it is the kind of
but i think him
he now goes to meet his f. y. p.
you can go to gym then early, we can eat together
his three o'clock meet, the prof
she is catching f.y.p. too
her prof final came come back from that country does not understand any country
because that wire is below
but when you go to lecture, i can go to you
when i run, i had ten computers, uh, i think, so ten hours were too slow for the nerve f.y.p. uh that p.h.d. student. it only runs for two hours.
you i think, you have been run before
welcome back then
do it well with hopefully.
i don’t understand what i want to do for captop yesterday. i don’t want to do what i want to do. i don’t want to do it.
so you just added that to second one
i but, i tell you that my nephew's thing is right right
then actually you give me this story, i still feel funny. i
that multiplication is addition
i want to go to y. c. meeting then
my second sister takes me to then, when my second sister takes me to go, uh, i roomie
but because of that day
your second sister lives in the punggol but.
there is a minds cafe then, so she is going to go to her, and i will pick my elder sister # gor-gor # but my # gor-gor # without empty.
after after the afternoon, go to minds cafe then at night
it is the kind of open air to sit at you know. picnic she has mc* and whatever at six o'clock.
i understand y.c. meeting to as in i, and i will tell her ok but going y.c. meeting so after that but. # 诶
it's not that you have y.a.c. meting
for the loike ok, i do n’t need to like. what should i do?
let me talk about after that, i ask wong-wai and wu-mee if you want to go to symphony orchestra
she originally asked me bugis m.r.t.'s bus stop to get eighty -eight
but she went to pasir ris without her to go to the c.c. without direct bus
at that time, i told her about ok that then after that, my second sister said that she could take me to go to me and i was ok, she continued to speak and speak
i roomie is message.
my second sister said that i can take me to go, i will wait, i will ask my second sister can i-do you still has space can
for me, i was as disturb. his until like car came to then, so we will go in, i will talk about ok the kids have to sit on
she is ya kind of think about it quite true.
i said, but in the first place, the three people were sitting behind and it was very crowded. if you add one more child, it ’s ok.
i don't believe me, i don't believe me.
tell him august then after that he said when he finished reading
when i put back his hand, i will ask him a few finger when i have a finger.
ah, my book, he read his book.
to me roomie, my eldest sister watched him stun, anyway, i will talk about stun.
he talks about twelve or sixteen
i roomie, i and my elder sister, and stun then, i will talk
for like two to the power of two three two to the power of two four to the power of five, i think that the blog this down in my blog then, i yesterday.
it's just two to the power of five
qinghui show, i look at a video on
you post at your blog
she said that she had tears and eyes, and she didn't really cry. she told me to see then. when i watched it like this, i would like to say that i should not cry because i won't do this to me.or whatever to start with so
i feel like i get that
my maternal side is not very familiar, so then is pass away
i just know on him, i will talk about watch this watch this.
i also told me y.c. people who told me that they were also then, and my roomie
later, i didn't have but i think
he just said about it for almost fifteen minutes
because at that time, i showed the mathew multiplication of the mathew at paste because i blog the thing on my blog then.he tells me to tell me
he talks about for your information or something like that that i forgot his exact words but.
later, i felt that you said it is equivalent to saying that you said that multiplication is a form of addition what, because i dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dotaddition is all a multiplication is also form of addition
i just put in capital letter tell other people you are from n.t.u.u.
i will refuse to admit that he really doesn't understand. i said you said you clearly. you clearly talk about ya.
i didn’t think of that part, you are now on rebutt, because i am because uh
i talk about you, you don’t want to lose.
the funny two relationship is really strange
your calculation is not good. oh, my show, one thing, what is my uh, what kind of paper is this paper? this is our paper.
it's your name and my name. the form in our film
the right is printed out by them
then it is a lot of people. many people say it is difficult to calculate.
he just put t. w. o. two
those alphabets with
so substitute and get an actual-
for ok me attempt to take a pen and stuff
i have pause
talk about yourself right right
i show you, what i just told you just now
for then is by substituting, these alphabets
how do you understand what kind of value
it can become a valid thing
he said to worship we will talk about it then we are support to write like
uh, he talked about it as immediately said o. cannot be zero
because zero plus zero
it must be zero then, this is not zero
four digit
for the two of us, you will be like for more than half a day.
this plus will be ever
i didn't actually think i mean i think, i might be in the end i will
later, we didn’t understand come out with what then. let's talk about it
after half a day, they really come out with two.
three or something like that
it's very eighty -four or something because of this
but you have to come out of-i think exam will call us for out with with a number example but
he wants us to write those constrains like
what is right, then we will change, change, change to very excited, i just feel that i really do
1 seven eight 8 eight so ya this can work
or another one, i see it seems to be yes
just now we look like this also eighty -six
yes, then that are some that cannot all, it seems that you can't
six pairs because it will not have four number
one, two, two, two, three, then come out with it
or event if you do more correct
six will have way back repertive
for you w. w. o. for this is w. w.
these two then later
our beface that we discuss that
just t. w. o. o.
we just look at us and we are super expited
i can talk from these two numbers and then guess the third that third.
after leaving, he said that five minutes break before the next lecture then
we are super excited. we think
he is j. c.
yanbo computing
he reads com engine's i know
but yanbo is also com engine
he is com engine in school of computing
because i have a talk about it before
for either that, otherwise it is the yaohui computing result is really #zai #
maybe he only has s. paper him s. paper.
but is there any kind of s. paper class
only exam half a sem
i don’t understand i think-i know how it works
so he graduating this sem
a lot of job offer
you do n’t have realize, i can wipe it out with pencil so that
i just like, you wrote, i thought you don't want it, i will continue to write
can we go to facebook
we just see who can get ya
who do you want facebook
i think they will last
it's not but not but i think it is in this c ~ circumstances.
well, you find that he will not be like like
in fact, she just bought stocks because she wants like you know earn more money
earn more money for him
cai ruibao is the kind of guy that
but i really do not be believe in-
long distance of long long long
rui bao does not understand that sometimes he is very funny. at that time, he had to be a present every month.
give that xuejing and then he will talk about it well for half a year.
do you want log in you?
you will see jesslyn, she wants
isn't it her accept and but she wants that uh again
but then how do you want her to reject?
my friend is message. i talk about do you know joanna
she talked a few names
she talked about do you happy to know
i will talk about fal
do you know sean-an
which one is she boyfriend
but the name shawn ang is really familiar
her boyfriend
i don’t know if i thinkfriend is the former n.p., he is the senior of ruibao
how long have they been together with lina's ex-boyfriend for?
i thought jocelyn was with her boyfriend is the kind of seven or eight years
i don’t understand like maybe a year. i think i remember soon
but i all the who thinks they think
i don't have like to pay attention to her stuff
she jesslyn bayan is all all
should be a few years older than jesslyn?
his graduate in two o. o. six
the two or six years older than us are two or six years older than us
he should be four years older than me at least
four years old you are five years old
but jocelyn has been for me to feel her as ben attach ever since-
will she be so familiar with h.q.
will she call area? do you know that she will invite h.q. group?
now it's new batch
he is tan-yao-jun y. a. o.
do you think nalgene-tan
i always thought it was tan nelgene. i thought sounds like nelgene was right
not from tan-yao chinese name
yes, i always thought it was nelgene tan
i am pretty stun
that kind of wow is pretty good, his family is also very powerful to get the name
at that time, we went to see p.h.d. stdle. he said how to call us.
because his i think alan is the so not in the it by himself
the email name of then is tan
because it was just now if dough,
just like i speak here, here, there will be so now, you will be flat and flat,
daming to damn cool right
i understand and i think, i speak more loudly because of that
i don’t understand if your marker will work but. my marker will stop there for a long time.
i want start on my four thousand one of the essays no choice
i don't understand when i want to sleep
go to gym if you change something
just the d.j. scandler s-scandler something
have you read uh, that turning point
that hong-kong police scene
i go with besty rui bao and an ~ ndy to see
it's funny, like, a few months later, the three of us were there
because causway-point does not have that seat
at that time, just school start what was super excited to watch the show all day
i really don’t find time to me. i think weekends i want to rest at home
do f. y. p. at more than nine o'clock in the evening
wait, i worshiped four to show me prof
stun the thing if you do not not, do not stun
so he knows you kill.
i don’t know what to do, like, worshiped four then, we go upstairs, meet
i will talk about oh ok then, i will come down first
why is that computer like like
it does n’t let me log in, i ’m miserable. i kept pressing.
well, what happened was because i was install just now.
if no, it is really panic mode.
i can't look at that shit, i pro ~ od, i haven't returned yet, what should i do if i am miserable?
i just give him the kind of like, i really look at him.
just you did do then, i just
because that thing is taking too long then i want to take laptop down to xiao xiong
actually, every time i think in my heart, i am afraid that i will see me in re-i ~ i am in install and then he will scold me, so i press it to drop it.
why can't you give it install? why do you say that you do n’t know if you do n’t do half of your thing every time you do, where can i get?
it's pretty good analogy
i was looking for me to quarrel at you. he kept scolding me and scolding me all the time.
he just talked about then what to do now, i just
if you want me for two halves, do you want me? after he then, he will tell him to see before
i will continue to know what to do.
t try something
when he waited for a while he talked about him and walked away from the p.o. table of p.o.
if you don’t know what to say, i will tell him #wah lau # this girl as in him.
that super funny crash the server, so he understands my crash that server
that network got some problem i cannot read the thing
later, i don’t understand what to say. that morning, right i think i didn’t tell you this part
i restart, i originally had four computers
i have no problem with this one, as in, i can enter me
i have been attempt to me and i found the last one. i think
yesterday, i can’t then become this one.
i just ask me p. o. i asked him what to do because of obviously. this is a problem with network. this is not the problem of the electrical brain
change the three things setting to reflect that
you are remove
how does it then reboot reboot reboot and then later
when i came back, i didn’t have that if i reboot it would turn off that window so, i didn’t write the i.p. address
can't like this or di ~ i can't connect. i can't find the whole list. i finally found a connected
i will ping the rest if i find one if i find one
i am realize, the computer that died in the morning
strange because of because of my prop.
get a new machine read* that*?
i just stunned
i can find the cause me p.o., i did n’t do it half of then i wanted to save him. eh, since i found it
at first, i would never find the in the first place because i did n’t have i. p. address
later, i reboot i.p. address-pair
it's super funny, he just
it's already a little bit more, i will have a meal again and i will go back to the stuff. this kind of stuff will be miserable.
just go to see prof
just the other way round right
i have been laughing there and always laughing there for then
i just like no let me express
speaking of not exactly what
i p. o. i asked in front of my prof long ago
every time you do what kind of funny
that day i was prof
don't hear him this conversion
i had to tell me about shall we tell prof-prof asks me how is
f.y.p. student
i don’t mind if i go to dinner at six or 7, i do n’t go to gym or go to the other day before going
can't be available for i pledge wednesday and thursday to be f. y. p. day i really want
sit in lab to do f.y.p.
don't be happy to me, just go to gym to change the day before going back to do crazy me. i must settle. i must have to settle.
has he told you about the interview yesterday
he told me that it was the interview of the interview of the some wedge mana weight management
i am also strange i just
why does it change from funs to weight
he didn't wear formal wear
he wore that kind of office pants and that kind of office
but if i do n’t have come, why would i understand that he went to interview i think. he told me that he went to interview
i don’t understand the then
in fact, there are not a few girls team
i have done a very evil thing recently.
you are not going to and delete
my block and delete andy alvin from m.s.n.
without me before, i did not have a block
later, then ya
if you understand it, every time i think of the then, i will be in reply to huiping.
i am unhappy that he m.s.n. that the kind of one who did n’t do it all day.
i feel that like, actually not referring to you, i just don't want to tell you so much to kill him
can't i think
in this way, he will know you block him
he will start to realize eh how coming come online
but i want him to always see my nick
just ya like, maybe i am not angry or hate or whatever but
i still think it's quite upset.
you talk about things like
i think opposite of love should not hate
uh, don't want me, just tell you that you should put alvin's photos, you put the photos of xiaobai, you will always stay, the longer, because you don’t do anything to watch xiaobai.
if you put alvin's photos there, you will always think of i must get out of the lab music get out of the lab.
funny to then, he always called me
talking about you, you put a photo of alvin, you have to do the photos of you, you have to do it deep in the middle of the night, you haven’t finished it yet
what is lousy, what do you want to show me
just super cool, my dad bought a capsule and then cut then. wow, i have never seen it.
right right, the then bag is nice
right and otherwise it is in icecream
that's chempedak
it is really taste like what
right yes, right, that round, that is like jackfruit but, it is not jackfruit it is this
there are bombing tapioca with fried potato
this is the like # nua # # nua # # nua # sauce seems to be very popular then that the texture then jackfruit
ask him where to have this like
sauce sauce okay sauce
every time you go to giant, you will have such a big, then put that kind of table, then take a big knife
this is that, i thought this is manhattan, it makes sense to be fish & co for a long time, i haven't gone to fish & co for a long time.
this is very cute is the then i bought in japan. he lives next to me.
causeway yes then, he also took a bite of then there was a little jingle on it
right and yely, if he didn't bite a bite, this is my best friend
because he reads h.r.
i know where jenny works
he reads h.ra.
why do you run to do h.r. her* h.r. what count?
i thought h.r.'s kind of job was
everyone can do the right butle, and his entire department is graduates and p. h. d.
just my other friends just found the kind of work for all or two thousand, two thousand, and two thousand.
the highest and highest is to do h.r. then in barclays. he took four thousand because he was barclays. if he then, someone went to recruit express like two point two
to be honest, if it is one point eight, i should not want to do it
i talk about this part, i just want to tell you that you understand right, my second brother -in -law, he will resign his job.just run there to do that kinder for a whole
why did he run to starbucks, she said ya know no idea what he was he tring to do
yah very family has keep told him to do this
just get a job
that's that, i will still be stun. he runs to do this kind of thing.
my friend also likes to drink starbucks coffee. friend’s friend
i think like you are really stun
to him, i don't want his job that after my friend, don't go to then i friend and go to an interview. no application. if he got a job without writing, he got a few hundreds of possible shortlistthat one he is the one
maybe many people will produce this stunt
you know google
it's not google singapore but google.
they from a kind of five star hotel
i invited that chef in their canteen
and google's canteen is a person who does not need to pay back.
to me friend too
eat five star hotel food every day
i made him a book here
this is you made for mervin mervin to you
there will definitely be grand hyatt
but there will be like there
without but, he said that they are all friendly and friendly
people who do not understand cause hotel line are very dark
why is it dark?
because hospitality-
dark as in everyone will backstab like this
because how do you want to see you, do you know? like, you think, all things are so i think everyone thinks everyone is very friendly.
did an qi and wei jia apply for a house? they have right
two months, every month every month, like, do not understand 5,000 yuan or 1,000 pieces of into this combined income
but if you apply for you, you can't pay for the-
where may they sign 5,000 yuan, they can sign
apu also has a workmanship for him and is half half
i don’t know why i am reading full time
cause
unless you are going to government sector if not not not, in fact, these are not very much say that when you are local u. degree or then, all i will like to like all.
past time or workmanship for two years
just becauer ja ~ job experience
their pay is now the kind
for the while we are still working, even thought still taking a degree then when took some degree.
mom’s then, i will talk about why i think i am studying local uni for four years
where can i not read it, all progressing well
so hopefully i read can after reading
fart i result is super # cui # who is chen dad?
why does dad chen grow this way like this
and how do you get chen dad show you like this look
just hold camera and talk about you, you put a posture for me to take a picture
chen da much more correct like this
i am in s.m.u.
aren't they in s.m.u. they have the kind of indendent reading room
i thought this was the mervin family or something
right is not kindergarten is primary school
with jenny's best friend experience
when you talk about kinergarten, you
casual close
it's pretty amazed
we just need to talk about more seven minutes ya
tingya then h.o.d.b.c. do you remember what we took?
to ya ya stun suddenly i am this
i found but it is only last pair, the adidas then of the bishan. i asked it that can you check for me like the outlets if you have other available size
just like the like nice right then
just i think design and the other things are almost just that it has different colors
for i think, this is exactly the same design because it is because it
really it is exactly the same design just that
just black and pink or hot pink somemore
this was my dad's friend house warming.
they are own #kelong #
many friend has #kelong #
there are him who has brought me and my cadet mates before going to but. i used to be secondary school.
this is no no changi-beach, which is very inside.
that n.s.r.c.c.
where is this passir-ris
why did my adidas jacket not see that? i wore it for many years
i'm bored and find something to talk about hey pink color
i do n’t see my mother ’s pencil box all day without seeing the pencil box all day.
they are all totally without speaking
right i think like
just like my dad, they will give me # ah-mah # like monthly alowance then i # ah-mah #, not going to her now to the day care center for more than a year.
she can't control her diet then like this just send. she will go to the day care whereby.
take it to others to eat the love every in the morning
maybe chen ma chen ah mah is very caring
to the. i will say that this is like this chen # ah-mah # why do n’t she divide them to them and give them to them
like imagine like, then uncle and their uncle untie made a hard work and earn money, and give # ah-mah # the # ah-mah #
do you understand without her?
you asked her if she saw that there was no then that she found her to talk about the i mean other than her who would hide the then. do you understand?
for then, what we say every time we do n’t see it, it must be # ah-mah # then every time i ask # ah-mah # # ah-mah #, i don’t know
just funny, she don’t know but i think she is old.
it should not be that he may just fly away or what is out, but i really don't know
but at home, last seen
i found me camera battery that day to find to die and live. i yesterday
suddenly, i think i might be in one of my one of the
after 500 years of like, i bought the bag plastic bag then i bought from the camera shop in the past 500 years.
just thinking about it last time i see
just touch i just touched i
do you understand, very funny, don’t understand what is the night before, i am like
i am quarreling with p.o., it's not a quarrel, just tell you that i told you.
i talk about like
uh, that he called me to report to him ya ya then i just like to be unhappy.
uh, i just thought about it, i don’t understand any then i just
because after half of my type type type
go out then
it's not to talk about it first, first, i just think about it, think about me
i sat down again, i just write about casually*
i want me every time i write something and then i think of things. i want to stand up and do something
then blur is right and then i just
that kind of idol drama of that kind of typical
hu ge's blog i want to listen to the story of the storyline
i mean the girl comics of typical
his father had a fiancee ok, and he didn’t want to marry his fiancee. he likes another girl.
the abduction is main point
then please ask no-no and then xiao zhong shen yulin those who know when you know how to speak
talking then they have a turntable and then shot the dart
that woman doesn’t understand it seems to have a scene
the door she wanted to push away and said a lot. she pushed the door and was very imposing, but standing there and suddenly forgot to forget the lines. each is super funny.
then they will 掰 掰 掰 you know
although he crappy is crappy, it is really material in his stomach
what kind of somthing like that, my sister but then storyline is said that they are twins
then i saw that they were in that messy story, then i listened to xiao zhong on the story over there.
the twins of a man and one woman, matsumoto run and that woman is the twins of a woman and a woman.
he is copying google
is there incest, but its manga is selling well because manga sells well
he was the first time he was then the staff of those backstage
vote said
who as in announced that the first place is so called
then the result was xiaozhong win the then
that woman is not the kind of typical japanese girl
shen yulin's second place then every other time because i think the ratings should be pretty good
nor did it be cute as in japanese girls
so after they were separated and suddenly, right did that and the second episode of the second episode.
do you want to listen to story-i haven't said story line yet
but because he knew she entered the school right
right of the family of mizushima is all housekeepers
then later
so his home as in his home
after many years, right returned to his mother's house and then ate his mother again.
will you recommend, i go to see it? i want to say to see it
so there are comments below
i don't think it ’s like and his hair is the kind of style every time
then xiange’s version is
is it good to talk about yamashita tomoi?
i don’t understand, i haven't heard it, i don’t know, i don’t know that i have never heard of xiange’s version
i have only heard that little bell from the version of the bell
then then i just look at the result of comments copied by comments below. he is still the first place
but the results of the staff are vote
there is no need to see you again that you have seen you story line already know who is with who and who died.
i know he speaks very crawpy, but if you really go to see him, he is serious when he is talking seriously.
but some depails don't remember very clearly
the producer returns to the producer.
just wait for me to see that i see videos to see # arashi # five of them
why am i going to see a then i don’t know and i don’t understand whether storyline is good or not good. i will waste it for 11 hours if i find it after reading it.
the relationship between its storyline
it is not that they are not not a notification artist to notify artists. they are not all said that they are not all telling the story before i tell the story.
creative is more creative
for by right, they should be together why they are inserted in the end
you know then for two consecutive sessions, i don’t talk about it for two times
because it is the game of the game of the game
because there is voting
i forgot which first episode is the right staff of right.
she is pretty good but she is better than liu yifei. you know
staff backstage's staff member
no one will dare to work in the future
the man of the vote circle of the male vote
no one man is willing to be the things that he is kangxi.
is there a problem with his message?
do you know that the make up is very different
then when he kissed on tv, right has a heart shape block
i know that the make up is very big, but it is the problem that the problem is
for her blog, i also came from make up
the fixed picture right is really moving. we see him
and even if it is su yan, they are still photoshop
when motion has motion, we did not see him moved to it, but he had a small window below.
then the different angle of right is also different
that bazaar bid*, kitagawa koshiko, do i show you?
i think he pretended that he was not gay
but for the effect of the program, right is very yak ~ you know
how to talk about sidetrack, guo yanfu's foot step on three boats
in addition to her, she also has two other netizens with her
this kind of thing is really fake, but that uh yan f ~ it is yan fu then, he said that there is no such thing at all.
what kind of painting can they paint in japan that can be three times the difference before and after you make up.
when i was looking for luo zhixiang and selina, luo zhixiang did not have a previous thing that did not understand what happened.
but i didn't go to see it, i just look at its tity
without me, i just asked him to have the latest interaction with selina.
just remove makeup and then become super exaggerated. welcome is also
is it a ghost? it should be, then, he later, he didn't say that he said, he went to the palace to find the emperor and then the emperor
do you want to talk about what welcome is
why are you looking for it or somedhing like that
because he scared and then after that
do you think he is strange why he directly said that the emperor said she was not here
but if she is not in the palace, she is not in his house, and he doesn't know where xiaoyue goes
if you do n’t make makeup, do you have to make up? there must be difference #tio # #mm # #化 #
without him, i can't go to a girl's house because xiaoyue
is there a blog?
is it yahoo's blog? ppl i have to go to yahoo's blog rank, i have seen it
without me, i watched ji qin’s blog because i don’t understand it
i do n’t understand that site ’s page website, so i’ m going to find the blog because the blog of the normally star is in the previous few.
don't let the kidnappers know that ji xiaolan went to tell the emperor that xiao yue was abducted
i want to talk about welcome
well, what's the next thing ok ok to talk about
can't you recap, i give me, i don’t understand
why is my recap
right to them are good friends right, but they still have to play that owner and servant system
well, i don’t want me, don’t listen to this. you better jump to next topic
i saw one on hu ge's blog
uh he heard it on that radio
when the first day comes, right is the first day of their class
it seems that he wants to call girls to call right and he will send him over
then go back and then do n’t understand what then. later, when the woman saw the watch when she turned the previous thing
i forgot that he asked her what then, she answered
i really really use what they are using what they are using it.
then she told her that i was hungry. i was going to eat steak. the servant rushed to the supermarket and bought the steak and then fry it for her.
how do you see the as in why the message suddenly appears?
it's not message, she suddenly realized that a way seems to understand a truth.
then the owner so called said, if she stayed with the host, she would be very happy if she asked her
neurmarket must also be opened
at the beginning of the watch, i, i, i, i am not very clear, then i later came to hu ge. he wrote on the blog that after he heard him hear him, he laughed there like a joke like a joke.
then he said that she said something that was very practical.it may be broken at ten years after ten years.
that is the deejay's intention that needs to be moving
love story, then you will reflect on fifty years later, then you feel why i regret it at first, right?
just a dominant and a stupid one
later, hu ge said later that when you started watching, you might feel that when you listen at the beginning, you may feel that this is a joke
every time you use me right, dare you say you don’t have
there is a little bit, but then he is talking about why that man, don't just talk about you, don't go if you don't leave
from the fourth episode to the more than the twenty episodes to the last episode, i am all fast forward
i have any topic s.u. i know
you have to talk about you first without you
yes, it depends on them, but i didn’t watch because i was watching tv.
i found right yesterday
i was at psychology class
i just right in class computer lab directly press and press that thing s.u.
i am not going to work on the next day, i am going to do project
then i met me on the bus and met project mate
then i told him that i actually regret it because it was static
but i don't think i understand at the beginning. i felt that when i first watched taiwan, i felt fortunate that when i saw south korea, i really think
then i thought i was going to help them to do project because it was impossible not to do project
because i have already organized form one group, then you suddenly talked about because i s.u., so i don’t want to go, so this is not very bad
the korean version of huaze is not as as in, but he is handsome, but that plot
we just sit in that project and discuss discussions
it's much worse than the original manga
but all people right actually didn't seem to be very serious about the heart they wanted to do.
how can i talk too much?
we are now around the same point. what do we want to do on the same point? what do we want?
is it very over? when you read it, you feel that you will feel that shancai is too much after watching it.
then, because we are psychology, we have to do the research
then do you want to formulate graph? so do we need to use a s. p. s.
they went to comp lab
then we are discuss discuss discuss
what error* i will do what i think is obviously like that or what
very lame
very typical's amnesia, you don’t think i really want to flatten her
it seems a little bit because we only make summary
which plot is not like this, do you think you think m.v.p. lover is very beautiful
i'm not good at it, but at least it is not very cliche's storyline
it's not wrong to do outline for more than an hour
no. 25 november
really in korea, i really think on only on air looks good
several percentage
can you be cancel's s.u.?
twenty is either twenty file percent
they just read the newspaper.
then uh m. c. q. i m. c. q. i also got more than 20 points of upon four, so i already have certain percent hold
he is compare's programs with poor ratings in the past
then they email to have something.
you understand s. u. opting i am also a link link link link link link that i went in that s. u. o. o. o.
then you press tick, press submit, then press conferm and it is s. u.
well, my thail right
i go to the place where the link goes to the place where there is a tick tick tick
so i just press the submit and then press confirm
then it gives me the other one, all no is finished
that is, you can don’t want s.u. your things
if you know that you marry a and b, you will not be moved when you watch a and c.
because my seven thirty is going to get up
i just wondered if i would come if i don't s.u., i should come this morning
because since i have been determined to do everything, i will come to leave
then i go to study whether i want s.u. do i want to drop this?
just like what you talked about in the morning, i thought about whether s. drop the core of the core
but i honestly say that i think you can read it seriously if you really read it seriously.
because those one one one
but there are some psychology, i really read it, i really don't think i can
isn't his wife, the woman without you? isn't his wife?
i'm thinking about this opportunity, why don't you do s.u. don’t s.u.
if a and b are married, you watched the stage drama to watch tv series, so you won't want him to be with a and c.
your s. u.'s overall purpose right is to pull the grades to rise
so you should be considered good, you want s. u.
but by right, you should see his role, not the role of that actor
i saw yesterday that i can drop as in, you can remove your s.u. right, i will call esther right away
because esther does not have that case
her econs
other people s. u. after falling, she wrote letter to the admin staff
his econs is being someone else s.u. what about me
nonsense entertainment is who makes you happy if you are happy, right?
she told me that right and her friend in the company in the company that day
she used her friend to say that she wanted s.u. so she used her friends to use it
no log off
is there computer weird?
because i'm chasing and i read youtube’s ratings is not good and pretty good. youtube’s ratings
obviously you are your own, but you are link to others when you passed by
then she dropped her econs s. u.
then her friend told her that i put you econs s. u.
you say youtube is not a real life
but youtube's ratings should reflect real life
she didn't understand s.u. what she wanted to use at that time, she never thought about s.u.
he wrote what kind of ratings vii is cruel, but thank you vii. thank you v.
so she wrote an letter and then went to admin
but in my impression v. taiwan's ratings have always been right
now the bangtang, the bangtang is not a stop, the black astringent will seem to be stop.
then she got off the herself and talked to her if i should be s.u.
but the ratings of the v stage are not bad
i count for her to hear me, what else do i have?
their love love love is about the artist's friendship
can i want s.u.
because you all know that i only have fifteen electives
it must be like like. let's come here today and think about your theme what they want to talk about. they must first think of the theme of their show to go in which direction. if we are sitting here, it is like we are sitting here
i have already lost the science, so there are seven modules left
my term take jap follows the psychology
five things right
i have four s.u.
then if psychology s.u. is now dropped
next term wants to take jap the biz finance s. u.
i s.u. a lot
some funny points right are # cere #
even if right, i should actually choose what i like right next. if i don’t want s.u.
because you know s.u. do not jump, do not need to be in vain
they put him on the headset right
if i want to read psychology carefully, i will come this morning
because i was reading that psychology exam paper yesterday, i really want to make my performance well
that's why i went to e.-adventure to find the database data data of library
now i do n’t wear an eye mask, but wearing a headset and watching you
for exam papers, then
let me go to the exam papers of previous year
there are background music, they wearing headphones, you don’t understand
but the problem is that if you play
it's not just maths
it has analyse. it seems that he gives you a long stories right
substituting to study this kind of thing is content wise
temporary right cannot think of those actions
but but you want infer i learned now right
it is just for you points points points, but you are now he gives you a whole story and then you want to be infer
the teacher has not been with you go through
i don't know if there is any in the text book. i really want to read the text book
but after reading that question, i did n’t have the heart. i really hesitated now.
are you yesterday yesterday yesterday, are you not in the library of h.s.s.
not yesterday, i s.u. un-s.u. and s.u.
so i still have two days to decide whether to be un-s.u. then again
i just scan it, and then see that someone below can not hear the music why you can hear each other.
look at the core s. u.
you go directly to see if the text book will see if there will be an exam paper question answer for that exam papers?
otherwise, i will have to decide by the sunday.
see ok first
i have decided s.u. and decide s.u. anyway, i think about it anyway, anyway, i s.u.
uh, just think about it, just four s.u.
then how is your conclusion?
you can all of this year's core
but i only have a few elective
because your codeswitch is only a core result s.u.
didn't you want me to listen to you and say s.u.
jumping to the next topic, they listen to us like this s. u. core and result for a long time
speaking i.m.h.
you have to explain why we go to i.m.h.
because it is psychology, because we are psychology society, and then there are this event to go like this.
i don’t know if it is over or not
because i have a good speech, everyone who is unclear is that everyone speaks my speech unclear
in karaoke box
oh, isn't it that kind of small one is very obvious
if you listen to it, you feel very happy, and then they still have tules.
uh, there is a ranking karaoke, do you understand them?
that's the game, it's over
several people walk away. this is the history of i.m.h.. this is our us.
no think's history is in a lecture room
they have been in moni ~ at the same time, the seven rooms of monitor and then if someone sings, you only need five or five in the out of seven.
i don’t know very well that they sing karaoke. their timing seems to be that they can sing for half an hour.
what is this mentality, do you know? apathetic
but do you not want to know what it is like, everyone talks about cambridge* you go to mental hospital, you go to the mental hospital
just like it is very like if they sang love so sweet, they sang the other one in the top five in the rankings # arashi #
they only know that they were dressed up to the beautiful then nono tomo and wearing this
right right, because he doesn't know that he thinks he thinks just shooting, he don’t know to see fans those who have to see fans
the kind of gift bow tie
it's all your fault before i.m.h. i have something to talk about
the other is that they are also special for this plan.
the speech is very slow. when he seems to speak chinese
who do you mean to show that postter?
when he talked about me talking to you
what do you write again?
if it is hard, i speak him very slowly.
if you do n’t, you want them to sit there and sit there for a few days
in this way you see that poster, you will definitely try it
otherwise, otherwise random random will also sing a song that people will sing
i didn’t say something bad about saying bad things. i think, what do you want to say
it's not a bad thing i am in
then squeeze over there, then then, the first song, then click love so sweet, and then ranks the second place.after walking then, they said that mic mic mic mic has not taken then.
okay, what are you going to say now?
later i asked, uh, you ask them why you can click love so sweet
without me, i have the point hello. i know what i want to talk about. i suddenly thought that many things can be said that they are not ten this year.
do you know that drama? i am not talking to you #utau oniisan # then. later, they talked about the original point of that song.
it is said that the song of that song said that the song of ohuno was minor.
i know you don't need repeat
four people play drama's main lead, ye yaji, which is well performed called my girl
i want to say that you want to order that and then enter and then go back.
originally after that, they would order that minor love
it's my girl again
i know that my girl in south korea is different from this my girl
uh his my girl as in-
when the funny then after that then, then, then they ordered other songs that they did not click the song of # arashi #, and they have been waiting for a few hours.
and japan also has a my girl that is the most important thing to perform.
he played with another woman, but their storyline is a bit different, but
is it almost different? story line is still a bit different
every group of half an hour, but you have to wait for the song that you can go in before you can go in before you can go in
for a few hours, you are not talking about half an hour
it's completely different storyline, but
uh, the speed of fast water is said to be speaking
some of the performing arts circles about the entertainment industry are talking about that because japan is not many child stars, they are really child stars or very professional child stars, and the fast -water my girl is talking about that.
uh, what else is there that
there is another group of them, the more they have the first three one love love so sweets and truth, everyone is not truth
in the first three places, they kept renes, so they kept entering, but they kept going in, but their game cannot be finished.
the point is that the my girl played by ye yaji is different from his one.
her mother died of the daughter's mother and died. ye yaji did not know
do you understand? in the end, there was a group of five women who had a group of women who were super powerful. after the five women went in, they saw that poster and said# arabi# what, and then they took out the same thing from the bag. youdo you know what is it?
it's the kind of typical story
if you listen to the then after that, you may wear that and click happiness, but happiness is the sixth place, so it is not because they sang their songs. they also went in.
i don't think i really don't think typical
they changed the lyrics then # arashi # at first i couldn't understand what they sang just chorus, they always sang a person's name
the farewell meeting, so i want to perform rehearsal, etc.
rush in and sing the then with them, but because they do n’t understand the lyrics, they take the lyrics and sing the then after that.
uh, then saying that i don’t know what to do
what is the woman?
then he after that, they asked them
what are you singing? then she said that there will be a farewell meeting. they will be practicing here now
talking to the only that then i am not talking about later
just send a drink from a man and send a drink in then. then he put it there and then the staff wrote a board to call ohuna. pay attention to what you know.
the true and false type, each, each, what happened to what happened to what happened
what do you say? i talk about that cha ~ # arashi # chanllenge week. it is really ten hours
after then, they talked about some things there. i saw that ohno tomo was so cute ok.
the whole week is that there should be a week from week to week to monday to sunday
i don’t understand that they seem to be a celebrity. if that time, there will be a small video clip to introduce their songs over there
different variety show does not appear as different variety show drama.
just in karake box, if you haven't ordered the next one, then # arashi #
who told you to tell me this then # arashi #
he really watched it for a long time and thought it was good to wait for my main point to be the live of three hours on the last day.
because normally shoot it, but they are live broadcast on the spot, so they can sing truth and another wish, then the other two songs. then, they want to sing. truth
you can link's past monitor and their monitor as in. you mean that on that karake screen
who knows that then after that, they are there over there
then a bunch of people always laughed at the then after that seemed to have a woman.the end woman came from fan
television generally wants diversified. many artists come to it. it is impossible
i don't have code switch
then after that, when they arrived at the last one, they had been more than one morning. they always wanted to go home and then, but no one went to the wish song that later because there was another funny artist with them.
it ’s because there are no fans as in red.
they go to thailand
well, people who are in karaoke can order the song of wish
can sing wish
there should be, he made his debut in hawaii
they really made a ship on the sea on the sea of hawaii.
you talk about hawaii, i think of another thing, do you understand elix?
li yongxian, do you understand li yongxian's full name?
illis i understand that he seems to be a.b.c.
which effect
but why is there that effect
what do you talk about? do you take eight o. one
that is, the screen can be half half and half of the link that suddenly # arashi # can appear on that screen
i don't take why, i want to listen to you
why is it really good to play leh. this is applied maths
you go to see k. box, what are the screen?
i don't like applied maths, i think i saw the cryptography
isn't it japan, i am not telling you? japanese will have a clip.
his m.v. is m.v. it is impossible for him to take
that is, the song of like between and the song before. before you sang this song, you will not have a period of time before you sing this song.
those things in the matrix must be remembered
many formula want to remember
i forgot that i forgot that binomial matrix
the clip that has been recorded before, they put it there, but now # arashi # is the scene
there is no binomial, there is a little bit of three times three.
for me just watching the kind of r.e.f.
so its interval will have a clip
i don't know if i just press the song to this maybe, i have no me.
have them give me formula, i have to remember
but you just talked about half half
who is stupid, there is obviously g. ~ g.c. help you put you in front of you, just press a few keys.
how to say it is like uh's head of that man, but the body of the m.v. of the morning girl is dancing there over there
some things are not unable to use g.c.
but uh r.e.f.
who knows this is the technology, we don’t understand
how could there be such a good effect
i don't want to take applied maths. i want to take finance related
in fact, i really saw the super cool one yesterday, but is it necessary for your face?
half and half, if you really want you to go to take economy, why don't you take econ
i'm different, you take full econs is weird
you can take econ
i didn't have time before economics, and i was not you
i take but h. one
then everyone is looking forward to waiting for that show will come out
then i don’t understand why the reason seems to be a problem with ghosts.
because you have always had that thing, but only when i speak, right will have that beating
just that day channel u.
you didn't break it, he wasn't it just tast just now
then i just look at then
if you understand, i want to tell you first. i don’t say that i watched saturday, i worshiped the sixth?
called by the outside world f. four
ambience is super good
at that time, my mother talked about her that i think at that time, i was still in secondary school or j.
then they are called fashion f. four then
step in so
there is in model
because he was on the show's show kangxi
every time she was eaten by xiao s, she hugged again and again
then because they are so called f. four
at that time, when i first moved into the then, my dad worked. at that time, he was working. he was i think. he made a hard work.
when they first went to the show, right gao yixiang was not very handsome, and then i thought ding chuncheng was handsome.
then when i went to the show for the second time, gao yixiang stayed with the beard.
the cute and lovely then i like it, i like it, i like it, i don’t have it.
that kind of one is really tired. my mother has always told him that since you are so tired, you don’t want to find another one.
then my mother's colleague then said that in the fortune telling, my mother wanted to say to see if it was fun, and then went to see it.
for ok, i know you mean i know you know that you will continue
it seems that xiao s is on the show.
no uh, there is something to draw on it. the former homeowner went to ask the kind of that you understand thailand
ask the former homeowner to invite a master of thailand to go to uh, like to see what feng shui and the like, and then painted there. then every door and the door were painted. at that time, we moved in to go.
the door in the room also has the gate door or then that my mother went in before
isn't it 137?
why do you have moved my address and have moved.
there are no other, but i don’t know how to go link for a while.
i don't want to say
uh, just find the master of thailand
for him why he was cut in his room, why did he know what thailand's master was
don’t you want to drop it better. my mother
no homeowner has told my mother, then said that if you don't think you look good, you can get rid of it
at that time, i didn’t tell you a group of brothers to protect a sister and then huang jinglun was the one that was outcast
huang jinglun was from outcast
huang jinglun was outcast
it feels like he is also the role of outcast
i don’t understand whether the town house doesn’t know what it comes. then she fell off the then after that right
it seems that he is narrator
invisible narrator
i am talking to you, he is talking to you, and then he is next to him.
i do n’t know that, he talked about then, then then, then my mother said that right my dad was very hard. after that, my mother asked that person what she should do.what i don’t understand that grapefruit not only grapefruit leaves, but also do not understand what is the leaves of a fruit.
so he was bullied by a few brothers, so there was a lot of right in the whole section of right.
the f. four are all you said?
his brother right, the third brother is f four, the first fourth is the real f four
he is news broads broadcaster
i think you talk about board caster
fashion f
is it necessary to do this?
i'm not doing a play.
so boring why there is no original story
originally, i had to talk about what i did before my dad, so the situation became better.
uh, they also met at the station and then they have been at the station at the station
meet it on the bus
my next term, my time ~
then bus should be a very important scene, right?
that kind of face, you, you are dressed as a cute
so his fantasy scene, you know that the show in taiwan, they like to be the fantasy scene, and then the kind of scene is particularly good.
so many of his fantasy scenes, so everyone has kissed
in yew-tee
he will be with him, who will give him a fantasy.
i haven't finished talking yet, and then he is there, there is two auntie there at the beginning of my auntie.
if you have any problems in your home, you can call your house if you have a problem if you have any problems?
are you sure someone will envy and someone will--
i'm sorry i want to say what, right, then uh, because her f ~ dad has just passed away
i finally found out why calvin is handsome
he didn't do anything, but it was compare
no wonder as in no wonder what he would be elected
she had come to singapore before, and then she had it
in this way, there is a problem anyway, and then her daughter right can say that she is cute or the nerve is a big bar
i don’t know if i don’t understand it for a long time or what is comparable to right
you said that f four, those f, four, not good -looking
can i talk about lame
it's not right anyway.
you are not talking about lame, i don’t listen
where is lame
she called yesterday and i was with her with criticise over there
i think it ’s very raw, and there is any way to do it. what are the defense of the school?
what do you have every time?
very cliche feels that you can get it
but the question is that he talked about a's daughter's temper. he didn't talk about b's son
no, no no in-
but he said a second a. a. there was a daughter b. one daughter and son told him that two daughters were full of temper
no, i just asked ya example, i told you what happened to him after you told you.
i want to listen to lame's part your lame story, you don’t need to tell too long
you and i have n’t finished saying, then he knows uh then after that
i want to talk about the whole whole point is this
i won't hurt my mind too much, and then i tell my mother that my mother said that the real, uh, she asked me, so i asked you and then talk about the same.
and that storyline is obviously the god of war, i have done it
because uh, an yixuan’s auntie, they worked in the school's cafeteria
confession as in her confession to wu jianhao or sued it
because there is a man who hates wu jianhao, he is another lawyer of the other party
ok is three or three years old but not thirty years old
there are so many classes of cliche come out
i really think that all the likes are already over there over there
what is cancer?
i asked you how to treat the heroine if the actor had that car from that car.
let me tell you what the trailer is directly about what the court is over. what kind of court is over. what kind of then i ended with you really really want to bian that screenwriter
why not eat seoul garden
do you want us to go to share every?
i don't want to watch you take a sip of me and eat earthquake over there
immediately they were together again, uh an yixuan knew that he had that cancer, and ran back to find that uh wu jianhao and said that he was together.
i don’t understand that their chemotherapy seems to have the kind of injection that is very painful in spine
chemotherapy injection
called wu vanness to remove all hair shave
he just plays a cancer patient, then he really pat his hair
uh, he said he took the letter from # iwojima # right, right?
when i talked to me, i just finished the phone and talked to me. she would tell me the then of sichuan because i could understand it, so i would return to her, but after i returned, i would say why you followwhen i talk about the sichuan cavity, she said she can't change it for the time being
yesterday, because my mother was not going to fortune then, my dad was sick, so he was at home and then i read my eight o. one and then arrived.
my coach
if you are watching the english station, i didn't hear anything, and then i suddenly heard a laughter and my mother ran in.
i want to say that i can talk about it and i can talk about it everywhere. i saw clint eastwood. then then then, he went in then. he said that when the person went in, the person gave him one by one to call him to perform.
she told me, do you know how cute your dad is? she said that i just saw that he was watching the fifth wave.
just play to the camera
do you understand? because he was acting as a soldier, then his hair was just like the kind of soldier who was a soldier
uh the fifth wave, but you have to change to a.v. you can use the one of starhub
he will not use tv as in, he will use my big tv
maybe maybe those people will ask him if you are willing to cut
he has cut him that is that length is just right
i don’t understand that i forgot to be the first drama who played him and wants him to cut his hair.
did i tell you? the reason he can play his first drama is
press that a.v. do you understand a.v. one a.v. two a.v. three?
then my dad who can become starhub will not press him to sit there, he must not understand, but he still sits there to watch tv. my mother asked him why you watched the english station.say i am learning now, do you don’t know, then suddenly come to a sentence how to change the platform
just my dad is super cute, my mother has always laughed there and laughed. my dad then saw my mother laughed there.
i discovered that right said from the second half. i have rarely used english characters
no unless it is technical term
talking about welcomle handsome butler # arashi #
no technical term i talked about the technical term
you need to reply ~
can i press stop myself?
can i press stop myself?
i blame me for stop
i can suspend this sys ~ the program is strange
can i suspend this system?
all are outton, let's restart again
you see, if we go to take radio, it's almost like this
and you think about it, even if you have someone in radio
i occasionally peek in
you will be stal when you pass by ~ i want to peek in
no me, now, there is no you, you will peek* in, but there is nothing
but there was no, but he wanted to turn it into transcript
but the problem is that if it is radio, even if it is nonsense, it is # arashi # mayday nonsense
but we meet, they are very late to eat
but that c. b. c.
are we not meet, who is that who?
you talk about c.b.c.
what do you want to talk to people about c.b.c.
i know what chemistry and biochemistry of c.b.c.
really, i tell my parents about my course, my majors, my majors
do you want to go to that work and travele
my graduation ceremony must come back convo
no, and budget is more than a thousand to two thousand
no okay
for me, i haven't seen that five hundred
i just saw it. at that time, i saw it on m.r.t.
at golden village max
but what kind of program fee before was more than a thousand pieces and then
why did i see me last time i saw me at j.p.?
maybe weekday
to me was saturday night
eleven yuan and a half, and that one, even if it is that theater golden village max, is seven and a half
are you sure convo ~ you can not go
at that time, i wanted to eat popporn, but that popcorn is more expensive than a play ticket.
putra university
is it going to pay recently?
it's also u.s. universal studio, are you interested?
i went to the scene at noon, i have the survey in the morning
after survey, i will go out
go to vivo city
that casino is not about to open
then it seems to have to ask full time or part time
you haven't given me the sound of rayfile
then you will give trailing
now if you let you download seed, how much is k.b.
i forgot how much my salary is, but i received email, i opened it to see
i can’t get this at all now, and then they say that almost everything is blocked because it is not possible, then all download things seem to be too much now.
for your one p. stream is not visible
i didn't do it to universal studio
i don't understand this, but everyone who goes to u.s. feels fun
yes, it seems that you want to change some traffic. if you take the speed of the i.e. slow network speed, then that one
then see how i think send email asked because it did not say when to start to do. training said nothing but just ask you if you are interested.
the ratio is the proportion of download.
it's as if jie wei used to make it like it used to use bitcomet, but bitcomet is not available in n.t.u.
but my focus is still on i. e.
what kind of gooogle can i go?
i want to take a look at how to do it if it is f.y.p. afterwards, i can do it. if it is part time
no now is a normal normal situation, you open the internet's one
if i tune it again, my. e.
anyway, it is not sem after convo or after the end.
that's why your solution is different from jie wei
i can't open my email after adjusting my email
i was hack by others yesterday
all those youtube can not be opened
but my password can also be sign in just in the use of my account. it is send mass email
this is not if it is not that september 31 september 31st is already on the 24th, because he goes to the test.
then i can't be send message within 24 hours
he originally wanted to apply for staying in australia
i don't know when i opened it as soon as i opened the folder of the sent, there were a lot of emails in the folder of sent, and then i did n’t know who send gave it to.
then he went to ielts
how to send email send what email
forgot to take his student pass and then the examiner will not give him the exam
without him without delay, don't apply for that residence, he will come back directly and then come to singapore to work in work.
it's similar to virus
i know he has add me
she is now sign register a one you
then i talk
then when i watched her facebook comments that day, she talked
then i talked about come but i hate singapore. i want to hit someone
mine is also automatic sign in is the problem
because she is automatic sign in
yes, then she found that password was wrong after she found automatic sign in
because none of him likes all the loves of the country, you have to be criticise.
just in sign in, how can she use it and not use it?
fortunately, that person did not change to my password, he was just
as soon as i woke up, i found that i found 50 email and then when i really want me to send email myself, i can't go out
just within twenty four hours
for because there are too many sign, there are too many sign
he m. n. talk to 500 people
then i am ok rubbish
i have changed the password and then told me to tell me
don't set the automatic sign in
every time i sign in, i e essword and then change the password regularly
so m.f. wait at more than seven o'clock, so i call, then we go together together
then ok
i recently changed it to automatic sign in so i needed it to be changed.
you just need to open the internet explorer and then press m. s. n.
otherwise, there are many of me. i have to go to sign in one by one.
will sign in pair
i hate it in my hotmail
then why did he have us email to take it with others
you, you know that lomo camera
no just i said why he has our email
he should be randomly choose, right?
otherwise, if he has yahoo google
there is save to facebook gold poem, is it also hack?
mine is super sampler. i am not mine.
very chaotic action sampler
it's not bonus, uh bonus what bonus dot com
very messy super is fun
i consider because i want to buy diana
everyone is send*
more than a lot of people facebook will be send that very random's message weight loss
you go to buy super super compared with diaa is not fun or fun, because what he has, tell me what he has
i did n’t accept the golden poem to me, so i was a bit scared. i was thinking about being hack or she had to make money.
because you can change a lot of lens, it can change the fish eye, you can change that color, and then
but at that time i applied for the account of facebook
on the third day to me, i have already won, and then i will send some strange message to others
the colors are either color or what is like mine. holga is like this.
then i changed the password after i passed
just fun it has ten kinds of lens, and it can have flash
no it is better than hoga
mine is also difficult to have four lens
you buy a set and it is just a normal lens
i have been hack and then i have been chaotic send message and those message are very indecent
fish eye and wide -angle and wide -angle are our one to vivitar
then i remember that i forgot what it was, and then i can play a lot of effects. i think d.s.l.r.
it's facebook who can use your photos freely
then i forgot that when i watched it before and then the whole set of lens, the taiwan dollar was 49,999
i don’t understand this, i will change it all to no no one can s ~ view my ghost
that one is either someone or if search your ulk name
the wen qi bought one of his diana mini
i want to buy f. f. plus
that is, you are not playing games and playing games.
it's a notification told me to get it off the privacy
if you want to holga, you have to sell him to buy a glass lens
that webshots are more serious
there is a h. because i bought the plastic lens because i bought it
it's a cam
and your one, one, three or five or thirty -five m.m.
i use my sister’s account sign in the result to see my photos on the advertisement
is there such a thing? i use my own account sign in, but it will put your photo on the cup and ask you if you want to buy this cup
i am thirty -five m.m. yan ling is a waste of money, you are burning a film
but that's your own photos will have the account's account
your film seven more than one volume of new coins and then washing, you are more expensive, are you in taiwan? miss really
but i don't know why i saw my photo in my sister's account
can you ask me to buy a box of boxes, because there are exchange of exchange qiu ai, they just say that there is a headache. if i buy one twenty
i don't have friends
i don't know if it is because of the relationship or what is the relationship?
then talk about the current privacy's things is getting worse and more serious
fortunately, my upload is not myself. you know that personal's photos are found on google
no nearby you like here, but those hundred two are different and negative.
i have been waiting for a lot of photos to change photos recently. there is a good use of photoscape world, do you understand?
i don’t understand that one of me one is download down, and then uh, it is the sound of open source.
lin shisheng is stupid. he kept going to e-box.
that's better than picasa
one holga
that dollar sign is for u. s.
my last time i bought it at ebay
it has nothing to do with us. anyone can change that soundwer that is not like microsoft as microsoft
i don’t understand that send gave me the web site and then i told me
without him, he will change him. did he read it wrong? as long as you only need i. p. address is singapore.
what i used to see before is that there is something that can be replaced with sin ~ sing dollar, but his one is written next to u. s. he didn't see it
then i found that they changed the photos into an image as non -mainstream than photoshop.
software of a changeable photo
just as the new one does not buy a new one, the one is the same as second hand
i think that one is not interested, i mainly change the very simple thing to change that uh contrast and then the backlight can be tuned.
right is brand new
then i don't know if he wants him to buy me, i will introduce him to the website of the last time i bought vivitar
but i am curious, so go to see that soundware
that selling very expensive, expensive, and selling the camera is also very expensive. the camera i bought is his half price. he has half price.
i just want to be very simple
because i recently like to play photo finder very much
then there was photo finder in software and ran to play
xiufang did not have a folder before, all of which are that kind of coin with your face ok
i bought it with wen qi just ebay
because of that website, last time i want to buy a waterproof vivitar
we are bid on ebay
ok
what should i do if i do n’t have a download show? i do n’t have to watch
yi hui has another way, do you understand q.v.o.d.
it is a software.
then you want to download a software called q.v.o.d. a bit like realplayer
then you can watch watch the whole part or
um, i also forgot which act ~ action sampler
uh download, i can download it if you want it.
she said ok
i am also action
her requirements are very different from us. i do n’t understand or i ca n’t say it. it ’s really much different from us. i want to go to try to see if i did n’t show up. i really died. then i even sing download.
what rapid share share bee
i have heard rapidshare
that one is to use software to use that one without software, no need, no need, no need
as long as you click it is the kind of h. t. m. l. direct
in fact, m.s.n. you have a skydrive yourself, you can be upload photos, and then people can go down or you can be upload p. f. file documents
as long as you have m.s.n.account, you have space, you have you there, you go to see something called skydrive
for you, you can click skydrive and then you can
we don't seem to use codeswitch
it is also a kind of online source storage
you upload it up and then you can send invitch to your friend and then call your friend download.
the last time we went to the last time we went to shopping center
which one is king next door
calling myshare
that is very expensive, it seems to be twenty dollar twenty ringgit
he is just a branch and then he will go back
now i download a song for half an hour
go to buy a few more.
i went to flyer that day
then singapore flyer
to my simin also has that oh simin
will it be far away? that distance i want to have a certain distance and then look far away.
i am a photo of diana on flickr and i still ok
want me to buy that kind of d. s. l.
it's a big right to be room or what it looks like
is it the one?
the second -hand ones i see is exactly the same as the 99,000 taiwan dollars sold on that yahoo
is it flyer?
flyer
without the cable car i said last time, is it that the whole glass is the whole glass, which is transparent. you can look directly at you.
too fragile
if it is student price, weekdays
ten yuan is also very cheap
i like ten cheap. my afford to thirty yuan is too exaggerated
because weekdays also very few people
when you look back, see what scenes are g-force
i originally adjusted i.s.o. they asked me to adjust 800
people can't see nightview, i can't see nightview. i shoot very beautifully
so it's okay, can you put it away directly?
but i seem to see the poster g-force in singapore recently
i really don't have any interest in the night view okay
just look at it on it. look below # sian #
you are talking nonsense, we did not think that phobia did not enter our head at all
do you know the handsome guy dabao, go to google
originally, it was said that fifteen nine student price
that's nick
now i'm talking about lee*
i know that is nick yes
then do n’t try in the future
i was angry with me. i saw that film. i came up. actually, i have seen it a long time ago, but i don’t remember that i did n’t remember a name one by one.
what ghost is right and right?
then he opened a lot like that, what they said in marina square
after reading it at that time, i only pay attention to the information for the whole information.
there is barbeque
unpredictable is the super expensive fity dollars of deceiving money, and then
right that the face that the shopping center will see on the normal face is
the g. two thousand had a t. t. t. t. two thouse, so there were many foreign models that day.
when you go to you after two or two hours, he just gives you afternoon's time slot, which is 12 o'clock to three o'clock.
but there were a lot of time when i went to that zouk last time
then i told you that sushi, the rice, didn’t tell you about it.
anniversary, he does not have that, but also a model
i haven't watched it yet. t. taiwanese show
it's true european and american model
then recently nanyang chronicle has introduced some products. i think it is very good
it's all the topic i watched that day was dessert or the dessert of several products.
it looks pretty good. i don’t know if there is a chocolate fondue
your f. y. p. how about
i don't think it's a bit like cheesecake or what that
let's talk about assignment first
what kind of mousse is that of that mousse
i don't know what to do, he told you that i have told you three bits
your f. y .p.
no social leisure heealth
is there any cultural
then i want to do # nyonya # food
he talks about food
where is that one called lift?
there will be no these flavors and a little bit like cheese cake
there is no survey. i should have done it without making money by the company.
you mean survey
then because your vaccine is very controversial because sing ~ singaporean, don’t play u.s.
don't do h. 1. n.
it is with that one uh n.
cooperate with a contract but
uh, the boss was when they were in the contract of sign
that contract is that you know that she just reads it, he sign. as a result, the money is not enough to support the whole contract.
all kinds of vaccine came out and then u.s. many people just talk about not playing
so after over budget, then he has no money to pay us. the surveryor of the part-time is not without money.
then he doesn't seem to want us to do this because we have done it recently, so i don't know what heallth is doing
it's over budget
we are the kind of door to door, so it should be more expensive because of walking
then go to h. d.
because what i think of is not because little # nyonya # and then everything must be crowned # nyonya # this word includes malacca products
also transport fee
but he is now pressing our six dollar
but i don't know who to find interview
so after we did it, he told you that in fact, we are already the one who is the one and a.
is this an issue?
this is an issue that is because the tourism industry is not those things that are not those things
my one, he has no transfer to my account
nothing is to give him account and then he will be a transfer himself
so you also use giro order
this is the #nyonya #of pure's genuine
so after he told me to do anything, i asked me to do translation what
but there is nyonya fried fish
but the last time i ate it was really normal fried fish
tell me to do survey and ask me to do translation. i refuse all
to go to public folder like this
there is no other public folder
you mean work study scheme
the authority should not find it, but what he said what you can find different of view of viewing like positive and negative
i don’t understand that he is here to write mass posting. i don’t know what it is
one hour and six are actually very rarely, but it is okay
a professor at school, but there is no application for the application
but is it in school? then ok
like the database of our school
he told me to send resume, i also sent it too
you go to factiva and then a database and you are looking for newspaper articles
you go to google search
those who want to network and then introduce it through the person you know
for no project now, it's all
so i am thinking that if i really want to do this, i should find the owner of the restaurant and then to find aunt liu xinyu
then the universal studio i later had send email what was the weekday parttime
because it is not an intern or it, it is the crew of the crew of the theme park
people who ask you to ask the museum should have a little bit of authority
that is annoying, i hate him very much
when i used to be a presentation
then many of them are related to business
then only this is probably a little bit related to us, and then i ran to ask, but he don’t want to tell us all the things they work.
that is, your parents must be #baba #and #nyonya #
then walk in interview told us
then when he works, there are many supervisor project manager finance controller
it's all finance, so we can't help it
then hospitality looks like
it is the category of house keeping
what can i do for hospitality
right right, but now there is no pure, who will #nyonya #
similarly, because it seems to have invited three or four resort
it should be the kind of house keeping
there should be pure
actually, i don't mind how much money is house keeping
if there is really no work, gambling table i mind
then go to the workshop of resume writing yesterday
he said that it is very scary, but anyway, if resume is not well written, you don't even have the opportunity of interview.
and many have started mix since my mother's generation
my mother is too afraid of me to marry caucasian
because global is still a ghost, many people invite foreign people to come in and work, so our chances will become smaller.
that jess is in the new
so i don’t know how they communicate the whole communication the whole
there are always talking about it, but so that they should just get, but now it is better than us
yes, i found it on public folder
the position is called research assistant, but the money he gave me was less
there is no hour, he is a hoject base like project base
they go to bangkok and live here for a month, right?
that is, he gives you a name, and then you want you to database or you know the newspaper articles magnet or you know general google
find the information and write a write-up again
it is strange to have a policy in singapore
just write that material as a summary
it is a quota for malaysian or for chinese from chinese
i don't know what policy is because he can't get him as if he seems to have interview.
nothing like this, usually interview permit should be
i don't know why, and then i seem to have to do something visa. i feel very messy
i won't be in the energy that is so much in invest
no should be working permit
i have not watched public folder recently
i am going to europe any any place
i will stick that blog photo
because i want to sell taiwan's stationaries
or notebook
but i like me compare i prefer italy
because i am not sure, because the blog shop in taiwan is not in singapore is all ugly clothes
i want to go, but everyone has been saying korea korea and taiwan
just girl's clothes, jewelries and bags
then i saw them selling those notebooks from taiwan in taiwan and city hall at that time, but some of them were imported from taiwan, but it was seasons
i don't want to go to korea
then i still ran to ask, that i would like to ask whether these things are that these things will be easy to sell very soon or what he said.
going to india is more like going abroad like exotic. yes, right here is completely and then pull ourselves out of vaccuum and put themselves into a new place.
then because the taj mahal is not called taj mahal is called taj mahal
is it india?
do you think there will be business and how to go to promote
an advertisement of a certain rice is taj mahal
there is an indian coursemate
no one thought taj mahal
then i said i wanted to go to taj mahal and he saw me
you must have a revenue at the beginning who wants to invest
then i talked about the palace the most famous palace, and then he talked about ooooh taj mahal
many people read the wrong taj ~ it should be taj mahal
there is a corpse floating on it without you going to google, don’t understand, do you still have that photo now, i don’t understand
i really want to wear sari for then
you can also sell cameras.
when i passed the school at that time, when i was in the emcee, when emcee was emcee
i think this lomo camera is too expensive
that ac ~
ok in india street, malacca
i think the camera is still your camera or it is more feasible for you large scale.
nine dollars, add more than one hundred tax
like offer in november
it may be that there is nothing bad at function, but the appearance is poor
go to new delhi and just go to new new delhi
what i see by the machine is that you can choose to get out of the new delhi and then go to the machine and change the other place
one is ezimas and one is superhead.
then i must first hit the flu vaccine
is it really like a toy? it is more like ours and what i think is ok. i just say that it sells too expensive, it is doubled, it is doubled.
i don’t understand me, i just hit that, right? uh, before i played with flu flu, i went to taiwan.
what that one and my indian coursemate, when he told him, although india now has dev ~ well developed, it will still be terrifying
then there is nothing in e-bay, there is nothing #ezimas #
because two pieces, they actually say that kind of twicamera you can buy in that flea market two dollars
and it ’s scary
there is no flea market here
selling vases in that one seven night root
i think i think i have that films and it is also very cheap in taiwan
like the kind of normal we bought, i bought about nine yuan and ninety nine taiwan dollars for 79. one volume
and the indian fabric is very beautiful last time i saw that i saw a flickr photo album last time.
then every home is hung up and then there is that million air. isn't it full of clothes on the ground? then take that photo super beautiful.
this source is a bit difficult to find
slumdog millionaire of the slum
this kind of large one is like this unless that one is easy to use and difficult to find and then cheap
they said that it is very drama to change
i used to see a website in taiwan before one of the laomo.
i didn't talk about that girl and that boy in that novel. do you think they are so fate?
then there are so many sources in taiwan
as far as everyone may have normal goods, they accidentally missed the missing and leaked. those film will be sold.
yes, it becomes a drama or movie. what kind of plot is needed?
i always wanted to ask him m.s.n. i just need a dozen how are you rececently.
there is no fixed currency, but that one you know that normal currency will float
then his commission
it's not that basic salar has become less
they are per item. i see so shipping fees
then the commission is still deducted without the commission because no one buys laptop
they are per item
so he has no commission
what i see is the agency fee of the gabbaxian
i have already earned it, but then he will earn your agency fees of shiba xian again
and you can buy wine clubbing and pay for the insurance premium.
because you are just sitting and then you don’t have to do anything and then make that agency
just for this, i have been running to the post office singpost.
i recently heard that you are commm studies. i do the assner of the assignment with me. she has a korean's blog shop but but.
it's been too long in a standard and i want to run out very much
and that standard was not very satisfied at the beginning, and then i could do it for three years from the beginning. i can do it for three years
after three years and five years, i will finish loan again
because i want to return a lump sum at the beginning
you loan is still in five years
but if you do that spree, you do n’t need costs. someone, so on, you take the money with him and then you can buy it before buying it.
what does it mean to have such a lot of lumps so so so?
you do n’t need costs to do spree, unless you have to open an online shop, you need cost or you want to buy it and then put it at home before you can buy it
all kinds of european and american brands also have also available
i also saw taiwan that day
then he just cooperates with many online shops
so you can buy things in any online shops and then gather things together
that one called the provident fund yeah
maybe he and some people also know that the contract is that you sell a bottle of ten baxian for me, then i can earn those ten baxian, and then i make the ten babian's agent fee.
i have always thought that he hasn't worked here for a long time.
it's just that i'm afraid he rents. if the cover gets it, loan is still a little bit, and i will find a house right away.
just a.t.m.
without us now, we should just want
when i thought of it, i had a headache and then i went to an image workshop yesterday
then what is the function
anyway, it tells you to withdraw money, so you can talk about it. other services
uh, fermal attire wants to control such a lot of things
but i think we should not go to accounting firm or business
just check
because the last time you i.a.
i think i should do this line should be very casual
it seems to be i. a. i still wear slippers
if other uh research firm, you will be proteable
the first one i applied before was for formal attire
the first song of the two songs is the one.
i will wear formal attire to interview, but if i am the second copy, i wear formal attire to interview, but i see them all all are all all they are
what s. s.
wear polo shirt and then jeans
then nike and then when i went to work, he also wrote casual.
it's t-shirt skirt
just wear a girl and wear a skirt, but you don’t need formal attire.
just don't wear it like this, then uh, if he said that if all of us accounting firm, if you want to enter the bank or something, you must be bu ~ be sure to formal
then what elva is not listening, i already know fed up
i have eight lives with bank
it's hard to talk about it, you will be cleaner or the like
i have no interest in any mainstream music now
i have no interest in album, so
otherwise, be a office girl
do you know niles
the doll was also 1825 and then student price eighteen
i mentioned that i mentioned that i should mention this performance on the baby's own blog last time.
because she is going to her herself, she is on her blog by herself
will write ok
because i wanted to say before, i often don’t understand what performance has every time.
so this time, look at me to check the size
i go to check and take a look
it's also very exotic
i won't go to maxima, i will go to greenday
they are so exited and then we are so so
yes, yes, there is no us too normal
without i prefer band and she has the kind of free sitting rock area
i never know that you have never known to free sitting's rock area
even if mayday may, there is no seat here when the concert is here.
very exotic and then attracting that kind of foreign tourists, so it will be expensive, but
only that kind of european and american and then rock band will be available
in tibet, i found that india can consider that india can consider and then korea. i want to go to korea
want me to go to greenday
there was another group when f. one came
in addition, the group is called travis t. r. a. v. i. s.
you can take the non -mainstream route to go to indonesia and the like
i am going to bali but in indonesia. i heard that there are earthquakes
just follow the zhang huimei jackie them
no going to bali
what is that backstreet boys or the one of westlife
it's cheap to go to redang
diving to diving
and it is restricted area.
i am not interested in maxsin*
why is it handsome out of that c.m.
i did n’t add course and did n’t take the exam. i would not take the test here.
if you are not interested in him at all, someone will go to me if you are going to me.
no one langkawi
but i am not just check website.
i don’t want me, i don’t want to be, you can find someone else
which mountain mount-
i also want to deposit two hundred new currency for them because i want to buy peripheral products
i want me to organize a trip
last time, the connected connection of school was terrible
i want organize a trip
playing water is really going to play okay fun but every year
it's just try too much
we want to play with us to penang
i have to do the assignment to go to my finish, and i can leave if i finish it
i am the interview, i can leave, i can leave
for me, by the way, i want compare here the price
uh, this time, concert was cooperating with converse tee-shirt, the one is really beautiful
but you know converse adds a sign and don’t know how much money is added.
and if you go to play
endorsement converse
lao wan test then i can't drive
i do bus
it doesn't seem to be right
i just remember the last berlin berlin
and to write t.v. broadcast writing news
i can't think of anything else i think of
it's easy, but it is not bad to write.
just add one next to s.o.t. sound on tape
then what is the interview person to put think visually to put
this will be better than news article
are you looking at youtube?
it's print
i'll go back to check, i just look at greenaway
because print's grammar needs a lot of sentences, so
no, and the sentence of the sentence of that braadcast, the simpler the better
in fact, i really don’t want to talk about part toply rubbish
it's just a word, so many syllabus is difficult to read because when you read it
it will be very simple, but the structure of your story is the same as your structure is good or not
what is inverted? pyramid
but in language, it will be broadcast's simple
then i have no concept at all
just don't know if they group assignment
for him, he just appeared up to add up and not exceed five minute
just like some companies press release
but it doesn't matter, i still like the actor of another boy who is another boy
just like some companies, it launch a new product, it will send a press release
the newspaper and then post out
what up
is it rise up or what up?
you can make an editorial
what up up, i'm not
for p. r. this is part of pr. r.
i heard him say that group assignment and then i would be excited
the second episode is the street
then i like that actor very much, so i just look at the g. i. joe for him
where do you have recently, search to a bunch of weird is not the mainstream
my friend anthony said to me, uh, do n’t hold too much, i hope do not put much logic it because. it is the one that you know scientific
relying on imagination to imagination
maybe you will feel very realistic in the future
no just i saw m.s.n. i saw you listening to the song you were listening to it was a singer i haven't seen or have never heard of it
i was at malaysia at that time, so i wanted to watch that spot but no one wants to ignore me.
it's not a language, he is not a. b. c. d. e.
no just, even if it is a friend, like, like
other people are the kind of voices and then high ranking bla bla bla
or our standard is not enough to bid.
i can skip this part without listening to japanese songs
it is a japanese double and two -person indye group, but it sings a french song
but i see g. i. joe, the actor of joe, couldn't save him
is it time for me to borrow external hard disk with you. i seem to be that coconut what is the ghost?
i was watching a movie yesterday, the pretty good upside of angle
what is that one in i. m. d. b.
what story title>
i have been downloading recently and i haven't watched it
i watched a movie that should be a german that day
don't look at rankings first
i looked at that one before watchmen
it's also the kind of movie of super heroes
without it, the boy and then portray were very normal. it was normal and normal.
the whole body is naked and then bombarded, so this movie is not on malaysia on singapore
this is not similar to the hole
it's not bad superheroes
have you seen what dark knight
i was like this because i saw that joker and touched it.
then i don't really want to watch what the movie you said last time.
it's much like watching prison break
at the beginning, prison break season one
it ’s good to be at golden village at that time.
what mother is also the company's company
very ru ~ very rubbish, i just see without me, i feel tired when i see it in the end
i hate it to season four, but season one is very beautiful
that's then season-you feel that you haven't finished the performer.
very beautiful star trek
my sister said that it is good but of that kind of movie. i have spent that age you know. now i like watching this type of movies and drama
i used to like to see what that is similar to wish and then magic.
yes, there is no like this, just like this, then the alien space right right right is
it is more like some of the star war
because prison break, am i heard of who died? sarah?
it's the kind of play of outside of earth
i really liked watching and then that and before the tv, the kind of drama is often broadcasting by the drama of english. i don’t know if i do n’t know if it ’s too saturated. now i ca n’t attract me to see me.
i think i have seen a similar star trek g. i. joe also talked about future things futur
one person opened the suitcase and saw the head of a person's head.
i want to see gwars
now that malaysia is off, malaysia should be downloaded, because it has been a long time, because i went back last time, i went back last time
what five hundred day of summer
without me, it's the longest i have watched three season
the fourth season, i have a little read a little bit
recently, i found that most of them are just watching prison break and many people in the lost lost watching
i watched a season
i just want to see me just download to a funny and cool movie.
then there is a strange tradition in their school that they will use them to use the school's gossip post to a website.
i heard it before, and then i liked and then, i talked about it. then i want to see this like this
i don’t understand that english should not be english or europe i don’t know which country.
go back and go back if you read ok
then i originally wanted to find a british drama called skin, which i watched a episode before
it will be like that m.v. lu guangzhong's m.v. is reversing
i think the drama of bbc is the kind of prude and prejudice
what is sense and sensibility
then north and south
but that's not a classic, i have seen movie, then it can make drama
very beautiful you don't look at pride and prejudice
without drama, he is the kind of uh tele-drama three episodes and four episodes shortly
i haven't seen that, but movie looks good
then there is another atonement
it was also performed by that keira knightley
it should be atonement.
i saw a one i saw on the website of golden vilage that day, but i haven't released it yet
haven't seen me download yet
and because of the becoming jane, have you seen becoming jane look good?
i think of the keeper i saw a trailer recently
xie taofeng has dvd
because this is a novel that originally called the keeper
when i went to see golden village that day, i broadcast this trailer
right yes, and then i see it trailer is pretty good
but you know that tempo
it's not the tempo i can accept
when i was in taiwan, i saw this play on march and april, so i was a bit late here but i don’t understand download. i still don’t get that scene.
i already want to cry when i see trailer
very not very good
because he has a song in it, it is violated.
have you ever seen a complete drama?
i also lose my temper after that is ok
as long as someone is complain, it will delete or you know there is no sound
that's ok
you haven't told me you f.y.p.
my f.y.p. is to do a research title.
recently, i don’t know that it has a m.s.a. boy who goes to taiwan in taiwan and go to taiwan.
then they always want you to travel when you are traveling, you have to go to recording s ~ the place where your uh go, and then, and then has a recording with photo and then come back. you want to do.or do you do some video and go to promote taiwan and tell you what you have learned in taiwan.
it just depends on whether you will have any confidence in yourself if you will have any effect on the depression. without we are going to all the countes of n.t.u.
then what to do to go to a. d. m.
then what is each battle, what is it?
there is no one -time final year when year four talked to you, right, or i want final year because we want us to see their c.g.p.a. final year.
because there is anxiety about f. y. p. are you anxious?
taiwan nobody nobody but you
if you go to year one, they have no g.p.a. this kind of thing is not completely there, they haven't started the exam yet
just like this, then there are lyrics that are changed to chinese in the middle.
how many group mate is right you
nothing at all exams how final exam can have g.p.a.
so ok is so good
it's pretty good to change his lyrics. then he said why you are malaysian and then, you go to promote taiwan like taiwan is your country
is there any amazing one of our malaysia?
then youtube has always been talked about by others
no one was because i have not been on the courses of research.
ah research's courses so the other three will always talk about it and always talk about it.
i thought i was going to say something, fifteen malaysian, have you finished watching it
just see that yasmin almon's
when i saw it, i wanted to play right away
when you see her mother start to say those words, you feel like starting to play
because our supervisor will see right?
without supervisor, he will score the final score, so he will
it was her mother who was originally racist, so the man was originally interested in that girl with that girl who was chocolate and told him that when i did n’t have enough money, he actually wanted to send her right.
when you are discussion or
do you usually have to pay that supervisor in your eyes?
he has never been on statistic
we research he has been on some research, but he has never been on statistics
that's right, she doesn't understand, just a lot of things, you think it's interesting, but you may not be able to do it on statistics
i have get to only that, i get arrived
is the thing i do in assignment one
it's uh to be fed like this
i don't know what your objective
you cach you can't get you really
i didn't catch and then, i'm right
no need not, because he is doing journalism, right?
and all topic, i think it is fun
what is the church for that portugese of the church?
it will be butid, so i asked him to come to singapore to work like this. we will play here more.
i don’t know where is it.
then i said uh, then say uh, i do i have i hate singapore thenen, just say a nonsense, let me listen to me. you don’t use it to die.
no hate singapore but he is more hate malaysia
it is behind the food court
it is behind the food court
on the other side, right?
i really don't know if i never know that there is a historial site there
then when i found it in the past, i scared because i always thought it was the house that they was demolished. it was behind that food court.
without a movie, i seemed to see that d.v.d. in d.v.d. stall last time. so it should be a movie
the short film cannot be released d. v. d.
so i should see it is trailer
take the assignment to do it topic f.y.p.
it's not that it should be the whole thing of malacca
i probably saw it, i didn't remember it, because it was the three of us at that time, the three chen cuimei came to talk about that talk and then i couldn't catch the only session in the next paragraph.
you are looking for the authority people
let me tell you this i will make a promise but i know when i will do all the thing and then.
i thought it would be group
no journalism is usually one or two
a maximum of two people, if you are a big project, you can have a photography and a journalist
but you see that they go to china and they do what to discuss what poverty problem is digital divide
yes, it is a large project
if you are other journalist journalism, there are only two people
so what do broadcast do?
if broadcast
do you make a program? like kangxi
i saw that the other is also uh, a little like animation's flash
i don't know what broadcast can do
because i think i have seen a year-
when you are with batch year two
hmm, no comments, because there is nothing not good -looking lollipop, i don't know what it is playing
he sent a
he made a show and then
i didn't look at lolipop, but many of them are actually
that is us n. t. u. there is a radio station
no one watched the tv station but
it may be because chocolate is recently
i have been saying on promote as about the facebook that and then that facebook
the last time he visited that singapore flyer, i have seen it.
i am watching j.e. taiwan's still ok
it's our radio
or it is just placed in can b
anyway, rubbish
some are just you want that join can also be
for because we are studies, there are very few people who speak chinese
you want to miss you, just
too many. when you see one that you can’t catch the point, i can't catch the point when i see that i can't catch the point. i have no way to look at it.
that seems to have no score with radio practicum
then my com-
it is getting more and more rubbish
at the beginning, if you have something to do with those two, and then will not become a gossip or is it
actually i went to the com two o. four
then if there are a few course mate to speak chinese together, i will be scared
i will be scared to death if i talk about chinese and english to my course mate of my chinese next time
that imaging workshop, he will ask us to do it as a front part
my group of course mate was all frightened and ran away, so don’t hear it.
i just talk about some colour things. i feel very good
just continue to listen to you know tengsin
he is m.s.a. the former chairman
you take one nine nine and then you suddenly hear him and you will look back at it
speaking, we seem to have little codeswitch
kangxi bye
then when i talked about weekend, i said no, i want to do f.y.p. and then talk about it
i also told him not to be because i have two midterm that week that week
then i said, you suddenly asked me to go to bugis to drink tea # siao #
yes, it means that wade changed the new shopping center to tell us to find him, not
i know he talked about him to see f.
talking about his name wei a mok to help him find a job
but i don’t know that he has been put into action. he is already in implement. i don’t understand, but this plan i know, and then i don’t want to understand that they don’t want to understand
talk to amo rich
i just said that i was very rich.
but very dangerous and wait for my luggage to wake up the next day.
but there used to be more than forty pieces of package back and forth before
i think this thing is so cool
it seems that you are in the secness, you know the cathode ray osthoscope
i forgot what i want to say okay the day before yesterday
i was okay said the day before yesterday
the night before i had a dream
there are that pitch, that pitch the pitch of the our own voice
right i dreamt of myside a toilet a lot of cubicles then was the long, very long corridor rightt
i don't remember all the stuff already
then not corridor is a long toilet with a lot of cubicles inside
a little smelly dirty and then i am afraid that i just walk in and you don’t know if anyone is in the toilet.
you like or don't like what kind of food
aren't you talking about ris low?
i don't remember i i only remember right
ah talk about the differenter that i like and i like
there are some people in the toilet, but the toilet is still very dark so i just walk in and then. look at it. i always choose to use that toilet
it's like a nightmare
it's just that know should choose which toilet, just nightmare
because in the dream, very scald what
take the i say i need to go toilet then, can you accompany me?
i don't like to eat that pickles and capcium is it
not delicious spicy spicy
just then do you understand, then the door is in the corner, uh, when i am going to go, i suddenly show the door automatic shut.
i haven't eaten subway this week
don't have too loudly to make maintain when you speak
this is my limit then i you see i speak softly hello
why do you have a red red here
i don’t like papaya because papaya is stinky
it seems to be drinking biscuit juice
not terrible because your know is just that's psychology is okay's psychology
it's as if you are already afraid of that atmosphere
no matter what you run, right you are still very scared
he was then i dreamed that i was stated by that bee sting the day before yesterday
that mooncakes, that mooncake is delicious, if i make like this
then a doctor came to save me but the doctor seemed # ang-moh-lang #
uh, what is the taro?
he said that it is best not to make this sound oh my goodness
is that doctor, the doctor handsome?
i want to eat uh, the crispy crispy yam mooncake
where did you be dragged by that bee
i am also my friend. i told cyntia that he also told him that he didn't like his friend and said that he didn't like pause. we can't say too fast
uh, i haven't seen a very strange place
because some taro moon cakes too oily then quite disgusting
how do you know that i want ask you to describe the play
for actually bad for our homework
how do you know that i will call you describe the place
didn't you ask me what kind of place is like?
i don’t seem to remember but the night before, have i told you that i dreamed of it?
but i don't like to eat ham
uh, luncheon meat and some some kind of ham
i am talking about moon cake mister, you tell us luncheon meat and ham
you talk about preserved, you talk about preserved preserved food
haven't said yes yet
mooncake today, do you know today?
then suddenly we saw a cat with a pig face
it may not be pig face seems to be pig nose
i have maths tuition tonight
then the monster rushed to us and then i was afraid that i suddenly woke up.
his sat ~ that he said uh the sat ~ sat ~ time okay
so scary
uh, i go to a country like egypt
but i don’t know where i was like with a tour group like that
i don’t understand if i want to go to that chalet, uh sunday’s chalet of sunday, because i monday, i still have to come back to the school.
it seems that i don't know those people in the road
uh, there are two classmate right in my class.
ah chase to me, i run and run
their birthday is on the news, no cool right so uh they book two chalets just beside each other
then they save money and save that food money
because there are two different chalet what
ah, do you know if you know
then family will definitely run on both sides
and violence’s very violent, i don’t understand why
there is blood on that wall
which is the same birthday what
very horrible or not understanding that he died or what may he just stay in stay for a while or people in it
if you move that mic, he will also
why do i dream of you all died so scament that one is is except uh that one is like horrifying cause the the image also very very viewing
today i am accompanied by renqiang to collect his specs yeah
ah he is perfect eyesight one but recently he found out that
that optician told him about actually, you have been short -sighted for a long time
because i don’t understand how to save you, i don’t understand that friend is color
because he thinks he thinks he is strange, he decides to match a pair of glasses.
she talks about i drop into the flow water
then the optician helped him wear that thick glasses right
he is not not dreamed of they cannot remember their dreams
you don’t understand that sleeping habits will affect whether, you will remember your dream or not
i didn't wear glasses, uh wednesday right, he wearing glasses to see us coming to meet us then i thought you vincent, you are wearing glasses, because his glasses are like supers big, his frame super big
uh because i remember all the dreams
his big spectacles, his frame, this width is very large
mine is not big enough, he talks about my head, my head is too big
junwen's junwen is even more strange.
she has short-sightedness. she wears contacts
it's just when a remember or not so, no matter what you still have dream to what
but i still have a dream, a gecko becomes a dinosaur and then eats me
she is just wearing and playing for the day. she said that my glasses are too small.
strangely i think that you said this before
i also dreamed of crocodile right in that kind of multi storey carpark
because multi storey carpark flooded
but i don’t understand why multi storey carpark will flood because multi storey carpark is multi storey
i haven't talked about the coffee shop’s auntie
ah, we will go down, uh coffee shop there the coffee shopping.
really like the jumanji like that that
we just sat down and found a seat with the fan then he say fan
his in the house then get all the water and flood and then got crocodile
then there was a auntie who walked over the then that auntie said, so i want to drink coffee
then i am in my dream, i have been with my friends, and i have been running away from the those crocodiles
are you scaring our researcher?
sometimes i am brave to go and fight so weird right
then she said that she was repeat and didn't understand how many times
i don't seem to have dreamed of like like like a long time. ancient time
that ba mao and auntie have been talking about bayao, she has been repeat bayao
once i dreamed that the ancient time was the kind of european style
then she told us a story on that auntie
i don't understand what royal blood's cousin
she said, she used to buy coffee at the age of seventeen.
follow to go in a room
then there is a bath tub in that room
just end
i have dreamed of the most reception one who is very long ango action
qimao and ba mao than
qi mao and mao mao pulling hair and getting hair are getting fur and getting hair.
is the uncle auntie talking about uncle and auntie or auntie and auntie.
the one we saw at bus thirty each time
meaning to get found like this
it seems that the kind of era is very cool right
i have been like to laugh a little to refrain myself from laughing
sometimes you speak too loudly to me to me
i will also be affled to you
is yours comparable to sensitive
i think that researcher listens to us that these garbage will laugh at damn weird right
i don’t understand okay
that's why i will go down after i go down.
let's not talk about this wering waiting for him to laugh at me.
then i just bought me, i would pay the deposit for my contact lens
what kind of animal will change
he did not give me that receipt
i said that you do n’t have a receipt teman. i know you. i know you.
friend that i met
he met when i was at k. one
uh, he doesn't know me because of ren qiang's talk with a friend refer, my to you yeah friend introduce you to me so came this shop
i chat with her on m. s. n. n. n. n.
however, she told me about her attached
i am a bit taken aback
that's right in the morning, but i have long been reach the place then i
she introduced me as in that man
i went there and i was wrong.
she knew him and then he brought the man with that man in a certain event.
walk to that seven eleven, the bus stop over there
i am not homework i am assignment
it seems to be from the aame class but
that man's not from our same class
that man's right is our choir
today i started to do my digital electronics log. otherwise, i cannot catch up
many things do a lot of things to do is like received week.
one day he suddenly went to find her and then blah blah is it
i only have monday
i didn't ask her how it started but
but which my monday my monday just uh
i am going back to school and i am going back to school for a assignment discussion
that man is now in united-kingdom
then i monday also taught tuition and then i tuesday taught the but tuesday free.
they should be the university of their university this year
she talked about her.
she has been complain
it seems to be talking about my boyfriend is not serious
but it made me think of right at that time she told me
she hopes that one day she takes her laptop and walks away
then there is a very handsome boy if you accidentally fall on the ground
very stinky jackfruit i know chinese what is the name of jackfruit
help her pick her laptop and then they are together together
i told me this mavis before
paying long distance relationship
but there is a lot of like like know what like dots in its meat
it seems that the output you have eaten
she talked about her saying
to oh my goodness
what else is there any more fruit
but i like to eat strawberry and kiwi
strawberry strawberry strawberry strawberry strawberry strawberry strawberry code switch stop laughing okay
although they are sour, they are still quite sweet at times i i know why i like to eat orange
but i think it is quite long for three years and three years and you have to fly to not cheap
orange is nice
unless that man flys over and fly back, like is like visiting his family
i can drink that orange juice but
i don't like to eat the fruit itself
i don't know not very much also
i don't like it, but sometimes very much trouble
be a friend for a long time friends for very long time, and then how to say the food is based
no matter what is, they are the friend
lemon tea and lipton
it's what right
i see photos of i see the monocular rearing
looking for a day, i will be ask her out and ask ask her how it started and stuff like that that
this is shit grey grey
hao talk about festivals
hurry up and talk about mooncake festival
there is a friend right her s. m. s. i
i like to eat the dumpling in our home
it's not that dumplings and dumplings are called dumpling english, not
then i forwards to everyone
not everyone is more closely close
for since i have unlimited s. m. s.
i also like to eat that peanut. i prefer to eat that peanut
that s. s. is about how how friendship will break
i want sandy bay yeah
they feel why i want to take the initiative to go to the other party
so true
uh i like dragon boat festival i just translation sorry
my favorite festival going to skip your festival
then over time, you will become hate
my favorite is christmas
do you have a feeling of d. j.
because uh christmas right
that head has a little bit true
will i think is quite true
there is i can receive a lot of small gift
to that s. m. s.
it's not everybody forward to your friends and make them know that how much you time the ask the contact you
two okay continue saying your your christmas
there is pizza to eat
is it old when people are old, there will be old friends then you have to start to
i don’t understand barbeque many barbeque food
uh what they say, renqiang was quite funny
renqiang said uh.
but i don’t like to eat it very much, but because i eat that barbeque food once a long time
i just got up and i started talk rubbish
i don't need to speak, you have been in interrupt, my sentence
a friend of an uh r. c.
he already has a family with a child
then there will be that all the lightings very nice then got this, uh
so so in
at the breath of christmas, around us
then you will always hear someone singing christmas carols and then playing well
but my mother said that can’t do that pass, so they have long been reach home
because the authority said that they need there, this letter from their company can be authorise that pass that pass
and in our holiday
he asked me do you want to talk to uncle
after that, i will talk about uncle hello, do you eat full?
we do milo ourselves
that is milo ice cream mooncake
no need to skin, it's just its stuffing.
let me say that i came from singapore.
what do you do, you won't do that skin
then i bursto laughter then i said. i am the daughter of the sea water
i am funny and then uncle's ballst into laughter also thenn
it's very tight you got big head you
which big i mean is the second is small
no okay what
when i was born, my head is relatively big and the body is longer and butter. you see i'm so short. now i am so short.
oh chee quek
do not use yeah like that
he is still pedstrian
do you hit someone or hit someone or hit the lamp post?
he should hit the car. he said he need to pay 500 yuan.
uh i like to eat the lotus rong one
because he said these days, he was catching lab report, and he didn't sleep enough a day, only four hours
what is he read?
i like to eat that many, many seeds in the nuts
i used to like the green tea's mooncake but then i don't like i think tired now
i like to eat nuts
to him, ask him to have anybody injured
i will tell him to talk to him when you are tired in the future. do not drive.
no need to take bus
it is convenient to go to school to go to school, but still very dangerous
next week is mid autumn festival
he lived in choa-chu-kang, he moved, he moved, he transferred to school
then there are uh, eaten mooncake
then we can make tea and call my dad to make the chinese tea
when he was primary four, he turned to school. where did i see where i forgot where he turned?
you want you to see if there is any pop out
i met pauline seah today
today i met pauline seah yups my primary school mate yeah then yan ling was like
why do we always talk about food about food and then get me really want to slup
then i met her with yanling then yan ling was like
you know me, i also know her, i said how to know how to know you, she talks with seacondary school pair to same secondary school but
biscuit plus milo
what do you eat this morning? breakfast
there is a butle that yan ling anyhow say
what are you today?
the noodles is flat what the thin face is flat
at 12:30, there are make up tutorials from eleven to a half to a half.
at 12:30 to one thirty
because the coffee shop boon-lay shopping center's coffee shop
i think it's strange that i think your lesson will end ten thirty
eat #nasi-lemak #
yes, i just prefare early early, i thought i thought i thought i thought
i have make-up
because that selling katong # laksa # that same stall
i haven't eaten holland-v
i thought i late alreamy
i rarely eat holland-v food
i am also very tired but my mother has always made me wake up
wan yi talks about dorous every time auntie adds rice
it seems to be able to add rice after the can two food
then there is this woman's station beside me
that bus is not that handle can hold
so what is that bus or what is the turning?
i want to eat canteen two's waffle
wait for you to have meeting
some of them are difficult to trouble.
i want to eat canteen two's waffle
i don't have meeting
i saw the bus with that handle on the bus, but there are no such people like this. you think all of us are very
i have tuition maths tuition at night
but now it is to change back at night, because i am going to do this code switch, so i can't put him until the afternoon
although we both of us wearing shoes, i still hurt her step on my baby toe
i don't know when it is the next session
take a look at shuttle bus talking about shuttle bus
she has been waiting for shuttle bus for a long time
what should i do if my stomach suddenly calls me loudly because we have been talking about food then. i'm hungry.
my pimple is painful
wait for you to take the road shuttle bus to pioneer okay
take it to pioneer
there are very few becape i want to sleep, so i eat very little i want to quickly go to sleep so i eat very little
why is yan ling so weird
it's funny to take me home. i also talk about yan ling i want to home i say i want to # gai-gai # and wait for us to watch a movie.
eat that ulmo, beef rice at can two or fish film rice
at two o'clock or more than four o'clock, i remember. in short, she also has break.
did amei accompany you with you to eat dinner
can you not always break my sencence?
you have to wait for me to finish my complete sentence, you start talking again
watching a movie with me, she said, i just watch cartoon. i said well. i just want to see cartoon. i want to see that meatball cartoon
what meatball cartoon
just like this, i just want to know if whether a mei accompanies you to eat dinner, so you may be able to tell her decide to eat can a. or canteen two's food
movie meatball movie
eat kenny
amei listened to amei said that it was because, a person invented a machine then.
and my slupping
i thought fall from the sky, you scared me
but it sounds a bit disgusting
he will listen to you about a lot of nonsense
do you dare to eat those meatball fall from the sky
if you open your mouth, you can wait for that meatball fall into your mouth
she said that she can get that glasses at home to see three d.
you are invent, then you forget now, and then you still have to do with me.
why does yan ling don't have lesson
she has lesson
she also has that make-up lesson
no her reads different from me. course
we have talked about this so much, we haven't talked about what breakfast is going to eat tomorrow
it is also under school of triple e. what then some modules overlap
i don't know if i want to eat roti prata
very expensive you force me to raise my hand so i can stop talking
is it more than four o'clock or what is later in the afternoon?
they went to take a picture to shoot video very cool
today, i am eaten today, i have eaten
yan ling is taken a. d. m. courss
it is the like inter-modules yeah maybe yeah got a. m. m. modules also
i have been talking about food, i am hungry
uh actually actually i think i think triple e. can do more thing than iz ie.m
some of us learned that they did not learn the.
yan ling played computer games
understand her that she wants to do her, because i read i. e. m..
i think we have always run out of topic
she is she who wants design computer games
you can game design one of it is this aspects. my friend is also going to because then animation.
no matter how you cover, it will detect
i want cough
i will try to minimise him
i think you should be very hungry
i have been talking about about meatballs
i am not hungry, i am full of becau of the chicken # katsu # don
still don't give me the medicine pass
my eyes have tears
i just sniff just now
then a record is in your thing
forget it, i don’t understand what else i want to say
the two sentence you just said just now, you just speak in english in english and use chinese in chinese.
uh, today i just do those things at canteen right
i have no revise to my own homework. write those students for myself
i think we look like
i like to eat you
let me think of those two studnts are the same right right
the same level, right?
is wei jie and zhan zhong the same level?
my one is only apply to you. it has nothing to do with me. okay
for the two of them, i am thinking about whether photocopy
i am my own confused because mathematics is a kind of build-up subject.
have link with you because you have always talked, then stop and suddenly you have to talk about it again, so i want to talk
so you have to do that
it's my turn right
i accidentally hit that mic
i can't draw my student
i just think that thing is so easy to draw. you only need to draw with that dots right.
so what is the topic now
curry-puff in the school
i should wait for me to wait for me to eat curry-puff?
they can't draw very much like he will give you a sy ~
school's curry puff
a symmetry line has a kind of symmetry line right
that symmetry is not a test station
yes and i still remember that i bought a book on testination then many dot dot dots then in the past
this proves what we want to buy that kind of book right in the future.
it seems like curry-puff, do you think it will be somthing light?
if there is no mine, what is student is sometimes not seen and sometimes you can't see that
i think i eat a curry puff
that pattern, he can't see that pattern like
if you want to be full, i want to be full
he can't see that pattern
is it waking up to xingnan? yeah he is the time of wen thenan, who is wake -up.
you can drink plain water
isn't all the worksheet a. four size?
little zhang didn't seem to be a little zhang a. four size i thought. before, we only had book.
because canteen b. it's rotten enough
book their book is the kind of tear out worksheets
so be sure to put a bit of delicious stall in can b.
but from what i hear from my seniors right can b. the more delicious thing is like can b.
very similar to textbook question. this is from tear
then where he taught, they took the worksheet home to do it, so they didn't need to take the book all day long
because i remember my student, it was bad
it seems that there is a piece that is not seen. then i ask why you worksheet is like this. he told me because i don’t have tear properly
is the coca-cola placed over there and drink it for us
not because if we drink it, we will be burp, so we must not drink it
it seems that we used to use the tear right of tear
i think so too
i know i'm talking about rubbish
wait a minute when we go out, will we talk a bit?
because they think it is more useful and better or what kind
why don't you let me talk about more than five seences, you before five sentences, you want to be
she wants you to write fast and legg, so they are trains you
it's older and mature
i hit this headset know for what
because you will run out of control
you see for you dwell on this top for like as long ass i want
it seems that all professors doctor
all cursive
the words they wrote are hardwriting.
i know what you can eat, you can eat subway cookies
very expensive subway cookie
so i should not write so that be smarter like they
maybe you will take a.
how much is how much ~ how much is a biscuit
during the exam, your entire paper wrote cursive writing then to give you a. plus
go to quad
then go to quad to buy that
no now we still have time to go to quad to buy cookie, you are funny
that coca-cola jar
you can be close to quad here
please don't sleep secretly
this looks like this is okay what, i don’t have to wait for the but quad to sell what is expensive.
i don't have okay continue tarking
you don't want to fake you to fake
then the handwriting then then beface that that child, then, he has a question, ask you
why do you always want me raise up and my hand
because if you don’t raise up, your hand, i really don’t know how long do you want to speak
let me tell you that there is a man wearing a brown color tee-shirt outside outside
you talk
he must think of our look like alien talking to our
you are just in translation your seences girl
no thing
it seems that i have a student right. he sees the black and white figures and he won't do it.
what is hegenbangen beckers
just like his shade some part of that figure
then he asked you how it would still do if it would still do how he would still do it.
i think this task is a little challenging for both of us because we have been place emphasisise on terying to make our sentence proper english or chinese.
he is very strange, he is already primary five, he is still afraid of darkness and darkness
he yesterday cohabited with bai yongju i know
okay what why not
your hand has no raise again
he is afraid of lizard, but he is not afraid of cockroach
it seems that i can talk about pause for a long time
i know what
but sometimes you have pause for a long time and then i will start to move.
i'm afraid she is also afraid of cockroach.
i am not mute
your you, your forehead has a patch of red red stuff with lines
my pimple is painful
wait for you to see the man wearing the brown color tee-shirt outside the outside.
i think so i think so i think so
is this our researcher?
the one who wears white color shirt
ah later later he, he will listen to us to speak right then you will hear you about him
you are talking about him afraid of ghosts
he said that he said that he was afraid of death. he would be the life at risk. don't play this kind of thing.
i just don’t believe they do n’t exist, so they watched the ghost drama, he also not scared
good so what is our next title
may one day he will see a ghost
he saw so in the end and he was afraid of everything
he is not afraid of a man not scald of guys
you are adobe odd ~ dity ~
leftover fifteen minutes what do you want to talk about
mine is called cool edit pro
what is this ever ~ evolutionary gamulen music
this proves that this compaies
there must be a pro word
but these two programs look pretty similar
there is geytic algorithm
there is no algorithm in it
mine is better than yours. look at my scale you see my scale
i am very sleepy
i want to talk about my state, i want to talk about uh, i waited for the student to be taught very naughty
those unfair behaviors all from the
have you ever thought that you finished the test what you want to do?
in fact, helep very late then he watch the life is destined to love you
try december is it after testing
you want you to work
then there was any herself, he learned a lot of weird weird things. he
do you go out with friends
he also likes to imitate that commercial much like that cadbury advertising right
not only does the osim advertisement, the cat and the dog barking, he also imitates the cat and the dog
so you decide if you want to go back to your j. c. band fest
and that m one's advertisement is also the one you know that those people sitting in the car and then shaking like this
you don't understand that i was not a december back n. i. e.
i remember you have always returned to n. i. e. but i don’t understand what is for what
to its j. c. band fest
there is a video cam over there
uh re ~ teach us and then after that uh, they will have concept
you talk about my stomach a bit hungry
the same as our former school chular festival is also a few schools right
but i don't want to eat curry puff
they will get together and then a few conductors will come to together and then have combine together
my throat is a bit painful
then one day i will give us perform
you started to interrupt my sentences again
it's like interaction or exchange program
i noticed your wering action
the relatively large large ones are in sungtec
no right or wrong seems to be on the side of the hotel at raffles-code
no foreign student i said overseas conductor
you sure
why do you know
you are in countdown
what else we have, there is no cover yet to let me see
no store
there is no stop, what time did you stop
where to go to sleep or go to la-la-land to find zhougong
you have store
i will come to the school for that for that n. u. u. alumni night tomorrow
stop
go to la-la-land land you know land to find zhou gong
i need help out with that registry at the nanyang audi there
i also like sleep very much
because i feel very tired
are you hypnotizing me? because i think very tired
tomorrow i will go to the tuition the lateumnoon.
i think we talk about one hour right
then sunday i went to plant trees in the morning
in the morning, there is a time a tree planting day
tomorrow i pull xiaoqin than maybe to watch a movie
look at five-hundrd-days-of-summer
i seem to have heard five hundreds days of summer some love story is it
i don't understand what he will talk about topic
where do you go, don’t go, don’t go, then nothing
she went to a few weeks. it seems that i have rarely seen her on these days
our cousin claudia has been to suzhou for a few weeks, but these days, we really talk to her on m. n. n.
which cinema do you go to see
where to know i know why
if you go to the golden village's theater right, you can take my popcorn card
i don't know how his condition is
ah, i have nothing to talk to her so i also know
that registration is free, you go for a year, it only takes one year, you want
do you know that hc has recently there have been s. s. i
after watching four movies a year, you can be extend.
just help you buy a ticket and you can book online, do you understand
to me, i have tell him a lot of time that strong studying
i have a try to enter into contest to win the free ticket, but it has not yet been in the middle
it's as if he has the kind of free preview tickets
i think december holidays
i don’t understand maybe try waitressing or whatever for the month to make a little money
why is there no student price now irritating
but one month, one month, you can really have a white company for one month.
i don’t know, maybe they think too much student is watching a movie and then they lose a lot of money.
it's less company
does this not good do
so good
look at my diagram
you see my diagram
mine is not very much
because we very tired alreamy
this sentence is very good for their research
wait for your head to have that red patch on top of it
very like you hitting wall like this 0
if your friend right, he came to ask you if you want to go to join's band's concept
what band
my nose is a bit wet wet like this
will you go to see band practice
your friend tells you if you want to go to perform some band concert
my friend asked me but
but i don't have tissue paper here
then because start practice is available, i have no time, so i will say don’t i quit by the way
many small small in it
so really have has if
do you say this is artificial or machine
there is no time to like everyone and sunday, then saturday, i also have the little piano’s lesson then
i see coca-cola's glass
what is coca-cola fan here?
you see coca-cola's glass from mcdonalds
there is two of the glasses there
there are mug, glue, and feather dust
i think all of us are very busy. i don’t understand why some people are empty.
then they lot of time to go and do a lot of other things such as
actually this room is a bit message
i found that there are a lot of wire here
in this way, they use the time to host the party, then they also make the make the makersy alream what so the considerd as busy almedy what not
the wires of the wires of the white color of black color
do you think you are now oral describe the following
speaking of oral
but what do i do if i can't go those outings
my next next week
then they have been talking about me and i am not on
don't deliberately do it like this because you injep into my leg
i also talk about this way i said that because i have many, many, so many of the other common commitments, so now i need to prioritise my thinks very well i cannit afford to go.
are you not going to talk about topic?
don't damage people's stuff
only one week i want to do so many assignments and projects, and catch up on our studies
i want disclaimer. i did n’t damage it. i just took it to see it. i really did n’t damage okay.
you don't want to move people's books
is your friend going to accompany girlfriend
what do you think very cool
suspecting his weekend is reserve for his girlfriend
miss we now want code switch
then he wanted you to deprive him of the only weekend
now you can make temporary adjustments to the note timing, and the sound of the song, then you in the some places ask for press f. one to enter its sub code. look at it.
i have no message yet to wait for me to go to message him
you have nossage, there is no message
because weekend is quite important for them
he also has the butle that he has a girlfrieve. he talks about okay
your weekend is to go to band and go home
my section a. c. j. c.
friends of you a. c. j. c.
this weekend i am going to violin lesson
you are going to ballet lessons this weekend, why am i talking about what you said at repeat
i think my finger nails is very long
i don’t understand, i don’t know what colour to rub
my i want to remove but i see mine very very ugly alream than what i want to remove but more
then you go out to see movie with friends
should be right
do you think it should be remove?
you must remove
because there is already a gap
i think it should be remove
should be remove
i don't know, i think this thing right seems to be very heavy
if i look close to you, will your one detect to me?
what is the one black black
please anywhow
don't you touch your slipper, then you touch my leg
didn't follow me say?
you turn to later the wires all coil around that chair
follow me say
you see play play play play some more
here is jacket
don't sing, what do you sing?
can you not like this agitated
so what should i do if i am very no substance
i think i want to buy a new slipper
go to o. c. b. c.
go to o. c. b. c.
you try
thank you ok, my name is raymond chye then i am c. b. e year four
go to me to o. c.
he only has two counters in open
this way we are constinue
it is clear that he has recorded me now is c. b. e year four, and then i am malaysian
the security guard of the security guard is pretty good just now
go back to school in the morning to do f. y. p.
he will always be with that customer
i'm huiping, i am also malaysian’s johor
the conversation is still like this
i read chinese year four
then i have finished my f. y.
my f. y. p. in fact, i was doing that electro depositive of polyethlene then as a polymer
it seems to do the ambassador’s ambassador
that's all the things you use, all of which are called polymer called polymer
other security guard does not have to look like this because the branch of the branch itself has that kind of customer service
uh, this security guard insists that he is also a security guard. he is also a customer service
no, do a conductor out of capacitor
without him, he is just security guard.
my offer helps that bank
ah to do that kind of saying that he will ask that he will ask that person, what do you want to come in and do you want you to ask you looking for any service
not to say that making a new one is actually because the current capacitor’s efficience is not very good.
what do you do plastic
so we put that metal on polymer, the polymer is the support then. what we are doing now is to make polymer on that steel plate
you have to make a capacitor not
but he is just security guard.
what is already capacitor to do it? do you have to do another one more
he is the computer of the secrets of under.
my mother, we speak loudly ok, okay, no, no ok, no ok
you see so many people, you won't go to lab to do your sample first first
i didn't want to do it first because i passed the first if i passed the left, i went to lab. i want to come back
didn't you laugh loudly?
all of us are using the same sample
that is, four people are using the same sample then. we understand that we call us and tell that physician that we have to do one more sampl
go. c. b. c. bank then again
uh this school
just go back to that audi over you to pick you up for a long time
your sample or everyone's sample is broken
i am not okay sorry about that
that sample was by two should be okay just now
but it won't be melt.
it should be, but after i did, i did one more after he left.
it's about two o'clock at two o'clock, but i can't stop that experiment, so i will look like it soon
so i want to go back and want redo
just get it at two and a half, then i call you, um, i will be a little later
one day and two days, then i tell you my p. h. d. student is very funny. he is his chinese chinese. there is a famous sentence that is a famous sentence that is his english bad. he speaks chinese every day.call famous sentence name essence
it’s not because i don’t understand two and a half, i understand, but that sample suddenly i have no way to look like
how long does it take to be a new sample
if it doesn't matter, i feel like doing lab
it is impossible to have way stip and then come out
no because it is by one hour
then he will do it if we have a problem with the problem, and there will be my god. have you ever been in english?then is my god, there is that kind of see me, then we will learn him every time
you do you once, you are then another another time for one house
so one hour interval you can start
if you redo, wouldn't it be okay?
learning him about my god my god is not because we do sample very ugly.
i have already estimate, one and a half hour for that thing
very normal to me
dramatic her
that's why drag drag is later
then i, we, i, i, and i was almost at two o'clock, but then i forgot to take the g. i. r. o. form
why did she shock by your result or she was my god?
not everyone's first set is the same. all of us use the same polymer
why do you do so badly and everyone does so right?
so we do n’t need to do so much for all people to cooperate.
do you do so blur
then we and we have a division of labor and cooperation with one person to do one ratio
all of you do a capacitor out
you seem to be last time you last f. y. p. you are very nervous. you have also forgotten because he is nervous because he is nervous.
if you don't talk about what i will do, i just think about it, what should we do? we have to do it again.
many things are not is not organise
did he tell you that after my day, do you call you redo?
i know okay i know i know no problem. see you once every five, but he is very very very follow and very follow
i'm about to come out very much, so i hurry, i forget it
i just forgot that form
what time is your prof met with you
i won't say because by plan by plan is
what do you want message you should know? let's talk about it
have me alarm to me
because we are the same because we are the same thing.
it's the same thing for your result, not result
at the same time, if there is a class, he can't.
there is very concentrate, so i'm tired now
because it is very concentrate, i am very tired now
okay, let's talk about it. okay, i will tell me if one day, if one day, if one day, if i am waiting for that interview from shell and exxon now, i am waiting for that interview from shell
it does not have interview, so i am waiting for shell
it's just because the other company is not available without apply, if she does not ask me, i really don't know what to do.
i told you that he is also very funny as p. h. d student because he will say that he is broken because of our microscope
if the vendor is broken, the vendor will say that you can't give a new one because there is no guarantee. if the thing will be good, he will take it back to the professor.
what are you talking about service
the first appraise, what's good? impress
a company wants to invite you because if
you come out, you graduate, you must
can't be because the microscope is very expensive.
you can make money uh more than an employee i think too end is to make money, but you think you do it yourself
it's not the kind of cheap is not the kind of polain optical microscope is expensive.
do not use shared microscope
nothing is just talking about a few of you
it depends on structure to see that morphology knows to see the surface structure
in this way, you have thought about how much you will spend. you can come to make money. you are like your life and have been waiting.
why do you want microscope, you don't need to see anything cell, you are not
in five years, save money has capital, and come to set up business set up business. wait for him to return to your capital
then before i finished speaking, he talked about this is bad, and then he said that the microscope is a new because he is korean.
where will you do it in january and next year, february will be in february
there is no is is a a aim and vision thing, it seems like i think i really want me. i really want
the koreans and then lee jung min
and you don't say you have to wait for him to make a sub -business now.
fortunately, it's not very handsome, so handsome, don't talk roughly, because this is recording
isn't this handsome? korean
what kind of korean then many of our schools are that of that kind of foreign professor, but china is more in china. china is dominate
if there is no putial
no teacher who has encountered korean
how can you find
if you go to that thirty plus, do you want to find a job again?
just now i didn't tell you about my apply job
then, because you do n’t change that form, you can change that form to change to signature form
then he talked about this is not called signature. he told me to print out and then scann gave him it.
your idea is very
i just want to do business without saying what i want to do, and then i am all messy
but print out, you want to give him you, you want to get it, you scan, you will directly email him
is it sign? so i will go to print out, and then because scan wants money, then i do n’t understand, and then i will talk about print out.
actually you are enjoy doing business or you just want achieve.
only in chinese heritage center
after the result of business
am i enjoy?
actually, i am not because i was not going to help that supervisor.
i have enjoy because i told you before, have i told you, i told you that i went back to my friend’s shop when i was on vacation.
it's very much like a camp teachers for primary school to primary school
teach them why students have always made mistake
then he used the very powerful method is how our way, how does it say, how work is that the work.
just go back to the tea restaurant opened by my friend's father over there, the server as waiter. i did n’t have that problem. i thought i liked it very much because i did n’t accept him at that time.
then so what, you just help work to do waiter like this
is it a bit like pschology approach to linguistic?
go for him for free
i am there to take care of one by one.
there is a camp on no. 9 and no. 10. he told me to help him pay. i was two days only on december 9th. so
because his father is not business man, he is first, but because his father
it is impossible for these two days and then stay in school for other month
i think if your aim does not need to wait until you save capital or what you can set up up, you can actually
but because you lie to him, there is no him, no, he approve, then he gives you to him to give you this job that you can’t have it for two days.
so i go to apply job
what you want is just the kind of snack snack that you eat in a small business. if you want it, you can actually start starting. do n’t really understand it. do you understand?
but he asked me you december can you work everyday.
without approve, i am embarrassed to say
if i really want to start if i really want to start if i really want to start
when he did not lie to me, apply leave if he
yes, you are left for the teacher, not for the job for the job, if he doesn’t give it
it takes a big process to go
if you really, if you really want to start now, i need source i need more information and i have the time
your business is not high risk at all, nor source does not need any source or any information is a small type.
you can apply lead
what is my know, i know
do you understand? you can only start from a ice- #kachang #or the kind of #nasi-lemak #or what kind of information you need to cool the #nasi-lemak #
that needs time, but i don’t have time
then i don’t know if you will be very stress. do you know what the job is it? do you know that chinese heritage is the office of the chinese museum in the chinese department?
just don't need any super soht, you must be an employ person or a friend or a friend, you don't need one
i don't have time
i don’t know if i only know innovat ~ i just know that innovation c entre, the one near the h all s event
that is c. b. e. school's previous office (ppl)
you told me, i don’t need too much, i don’t think you need to go.
the friend of that g. s.
just go to that new building
they did not go to take any module
they used half a year to go to that store set up that store
but if you are a student, there is actually a person who has nothing to do. now there is no new student to come in.
that is this way to ask for someone like this
what kind of duty is duty
the two of them wereted for half a year to set up that thing
go to those people like vender because his father used to sell this kind of thing. his dad has done something similar to him. he wants to learn his father
but he still needs half a year to do such a small stall
i don't know if never work in school helps work every day.
so you see him, do you think it is wordwhile?
so i just said no, so i just said that this kind of thing is not about the ideal. if you want to start, you can directly start. you need time and need it.
it should be seven now normal rate is seven, but seven, you do it
he wrote six seven eight nine ten, so either is that i think it is impossible to go because some of him is post-grad so. i think it is seven or six only. if you have eight, i will be very happy. i will be very happy.
you need time plan, but you don't need stop everything and concentrate on this one
you will also talk about his stop for half year then
his salary is not very little at that time you have already talked
i think normal right is seven seven is ok one month got like around one thousand
just by this thing to support
it's not the thing is the experience is
there is me to find
all family
is you need time plan i admit?
you email's teacher
without him, there is go on. he is just concentrate on
i don't think you need to do this like this, you end, your end is making money. you can't go to stop, your official job, and then go to develop this deputy industry and you want it
are you you an email professor or an email
i have no post, i asked, because if i tell you that if you tell you very good with most of the prof, then the professor is the productre
how do you email, what do you tell him
then i have me and i have f. y. p
i think this topic discuss has many times
i will talk about very free on december then asking him if he wants to do so, so i said that it is impossible to act or it is impossible. he cannot do every day because he does f. y. p.or three hours
his beface that he is a pharmaseutical sales. he sells medicines and goes to every pharma ~ pharmacy to the kind of doctor who sells it.ten years
don't last year of campus life make your so busy, you want cherish and then i think you are so bad that you are so busy every day f. y.
it's not that i want you to understand because i always want to open a store, just to do waiter. at night, there are not many comitmitment
busy enough
you just stop, you want prepare exam
after that, you are like this graduate
there is no life at all
he has no energy to go ~ go to start this business
but he still has in the end. he hasn't made money yet.
will there be any improve? these experience
what do you do to you in the future
he has no experience
he has no experience, so he doesn't understand if he has many things
no need to make him
so the phone tells you that he is just inform, you tell him that he has arrived
he followed singapore changi airport then.
but you do n’t have meet today, he ’s not coming to see you, why did he go back to singapore?
start first starting this business
then he quarreled with his partner because of them because of them
he can't directly download the airport of that johor
not just me, he will also inform others
he took the flight to penang
what he does is his dad, his father’s friend, support
he just bought jetstar and then
don't quarrel with the father's father, so i am in the endiness is a bit messy now
he asked me how my schedule
actually, i have a next sem with three modules one module can exceed one so.
it's not that this story is with us. i want to take me.
his experience wants to be) instead of that kind of
this kind of failure is an experience
yes, you must have failure to experience, so
if you don't go to start, you don't go to start early, you will be the more serious when you are behind you.
so luckily told me that oral museum
after that, i will talk about p. or singaporean
i have always felt that he can only be a part-time job
if you do oral museum, go to city hall
it is twenty one per center. employer will give you
you also have to look at the nature of the business
but that's the same teacher offer is not the same teacher offer
your business is not that kind of big one, can you really understand?
but i don’t have me, i am not i am not p. r. so i don’t have c. p. f.
you must be start from small before you go to big one
in this kind of small, you need your experience. you have not needed anything. have you ever been selling things at school? have you ever done something? have you ever learned to cook? have you learned to cook?
no, i also have at school
that's my prop helped me find his friend and asked him
you can go to my lab
you can read books.
i just want to talk about it whether really is not such a complicated our school will sell things charity or what we will be ourselves.
nothing to do because you are busy with your f. y. p. i really don’t have to do anything without reading anything.
how do we also make money?
what is the story for a story of an abtract me
do you want to see that the kite runner
this kind of business is not needed
no one is one time
what is that does not seem to be in a ~ afughanistan, and there is a place called kabo
it's not day, it's not just one day
it seems that you have an event, you don't need to use it
you don't need market, you just market your event then
it's not good for your history. you should go to improve
his protagonist is the kind of islam, a kind of islam
a amir amir then named ali that amir that is ali is the owner. hassan is his servant, then his father hurts that hassan.
direct you go to gain experience, you can go in his ten -year -old you can go
you know that degree is is the thing that can protect you in in case, you, you are really uh
why does my dad hurt a maid and the maid is the different relicion with them. islam is divided into the one who may be the one who is very discriminate.his father is very good to see him
failure or you can't do business or what do you have that degree to help you find a job
see who is faster save up to a amount
if you save money, you can easily save it. just do n’t eat it if you eat it.
after that, we have a trading place in that place.
you partly are quite there are
i have never save on that food
that hassan is very powerful to chase the kite, he chase the first place, but there are bad guys who call the bad guy asoorf or what name.
really you, i, i, i don’t say that you want save on that food. maybe you think i think i should save a lot
he hated those people because they discriminated against that religion.
you are thirty years old, what are you achieve
maybe i don’t have me, i don’t like it.
you have scholarship
there is no such a multi
just a little jealous, so i think he is stupid, so the asorf him is bully, bully bully hassan, and they are bad and they do that kind to him.
i'm different from you, i'm loan then, i also want to pay back the money
it's not that they should be perverted. they are looking for someone to get that hassan. they like this, so they are #ah-gua #
always dough double more and more, more and more
write, then amir, how can i sacrifice them if they do not understand what they do, they are pervert.
without them, they are pervert themselves to do this
you have a lot of financial investment in investment
but hassan is
i told you that the financial investment is either so simple, that is, you give you money, you call that person to help you do it for you
after that, he is very guilty
without me, i don’t think this is the same as you are doing a business
just how he saw him, how did he describe that schedon? he always said that there are any black liquids flowing out of his ass, so that blood has always remembered that his blood is very dark like black.back there is very good
for me, i don't need to go to me if you don't need to go to me. i think he doesn't need to really have a physical thing. if you want to take care of him, he will study his kind.
just trauma
and my brother read business again
it's much like moody, there is no speech
there is a consultant like this
quietly, then, is quiet. this is very innocent. it is naive. a person is very happy. there is no trouble. every day, i go to school.
if you want to make money, i think this way is easier
if he calls ali, he knows this matter. let's talk about the two of them who are going to move.
you make money, you are you on your analytical skill, you may add a little bit of your luck
it's close to the nineteen ninety two, which came from modern history. so why is it very shock? why is it a second world war?a long time ago was the recent thing
not then the a ~ ali and his son want to move, he wants to take away h assan
without you, it looks like consistent
many of my uncles are now their part time is to study the kind of stock
to me, i think study stock is
that's how i am willing to spend time on this better than you go to the real businessman i think
h assan, don't leave
your spend time on this is better than you
after that, after that, amir and his dad were rich people, then they went to u.s.a. where is the two of them and the other two of them said not to leave hassan and ali, and ali is hassan's father.
who is a li
there are more options
i didn't wait for that story first was that that hassan was very
in fact, i like to follow the people's internet
there is no just to talk about that hassan to chase that kite and chase it, and be framed and caught as # ah-gua # and then a mil.
after that, last chapter was reveal
if you are talking about just investment, it is better to read business from the beginning
that one i think is very shock, every chapter he is very close. after you see a chapter, you will continue to watch
you can read business at the beginning, isn't it better?
bully
so amil knows amil knows that they are going to insert him, but the people there do to do it.
this is what i should say to you, not you tell me
what is not telling is the story of amir amir is that he run away stand up for him is that they are bullied and he will fight others or what he sells him like this because he is jealous and jealous of him again.
i think everyone can have that investment.
it is very bad that amir is bad because they go away and they want to move out because they want to move out because he is that amir set him up
i know not that easy but
it's because hassan is going to move away
some are not like this high risk
what kind of risk will not higher than your own set up a business
so ami ~ is it beface? he inserts it or after the way, but he is not like this.
therefore
most low risk's inestment
at that time, it was the financial crisis recession
not okay
you talk about risk, why is the most low-risk investment?
at that time, don’t say that he just lost money alone and everything is the same sectors. so you
it's not the person who believes it is hassan, he didn't speak, so quietly, then
that is time that is just not suitable for everything. it is not just that he is not just that all the people are losing money. where can you tell?
just occasionally guilt proves that he still has a little human so in the end. he has something to do.
no baby
not that is because you are talking about low-risk.
that was just that at that time i thought it was economy recession.
you know that reason for economic recession is not because of that lehman brother's bond
i think ok ok for example i feel like a little j. this way he is more business -minded and the friend of that serene can
after that, they said to go to adopt
no need to have that capital
just do this way, then then
then how many times you want to pay, you can get the same thing back
children are not baby may or ten years old like that
because he was put away a orphanage, and then i think that the story is very sad.
he is what i told you that he rented a house for others to rent a room. simple and easy's method of making money
but that's the need to have that need
t aliban t aliban understand
everyone has this need
exactly the same ending
in that orphanage, you don't want to say that rude is so miserable because ok is ok. after they beat them after russian, russian will lose. after they lose, or after they lose, they will have the kind of galime in the civil war in the civil war.he is the kind of military division.
i just think there are a lot of me who can’t say that he has thought about set up business, but uh, he is more flexible, just like a lot of orientation.
t aliban is asuf and then asuf likes inserting because tali ~ taliban likes that anoh very much
he is very cruel, and he kills people everywhere because he is the bad guy who comes from the asorf. galiman has a head that is from asorf.
it's just that idea
then i just caught the son of hassan, did he say that my dad is hassan?
no, don't talk about this rude like this
i am not just me, i am not dead in one thing, you are beface, you have a lot of things, you must have you must be you do something you need to focus
how did he go to save, he was the battle of him to go to taliban
one day after that, then amir discovered conscience
just go there save save, go to save. he is really brave to the end. in the end, he finally stand up for him
i am working, my part-time, can i not be a boy and a boy?
just go to him because that person wears glasses. he can't see that after he wears glasses, he took off his glasses. he knew that he was very scary, so he fought with him. that person talked with him.you can leave this place
then a mil
boys can't be this is by nature of
that last elast uses that rubber band and then shoots that stone
he hit him very much terrible
is he the son of that hassan?
you know the core of the core, how can you come to celebrate
i haven't thought that some of the friend have no discuss but. i think it should be going
last time they went to that will be there with the last time, or did they go
after he passed, the amir was going to be killed.
because they chose to go to wild wild wet or sentosa
and sentosa
maybe this time i think it may be because it is beface exam. if they
he asked adopt to do his godson take him to u. s. a.
the same time the reincarnation, then he amil will have a son
you are after exam then
after that, there will be a lot of problems
no but the u. s. a. say cannot adopt him cannot he cannot migrate there because he is not
although all are decembers, you first celebrate for her
he does not have approval from the origin country
no, i don't think we need to choose because most of us are all singaporean.
who will care about this kind of thing in war, no one will go to the application
no, i am very much about if you are in case
he can't show that that one
we must be mid mid of december
you can okay i think they wait for them to discuss how to find because he exams because either before exam or after exam but most probably will be after exam
if he is dead, he may be able to say that even birth certificate birth
after there is no way to die, he said that there is a way to actually persuade him to give up slim chance
if it is before exam, you haven't started plan yet
it's not plan for but.
i advise him to put him off the orphange first and then not to accept the son of afghanistan.
usually the people of planning are not us or me
for those who want to be a boss, shouldn't you want to initiative to go to plan everything?
i won't see me back to that place, because of his nightmare
he feels that he is very dirty.
that lawyer told him that he wanted to do it like the only way.
he said that i promise you will not be like the last time the orphanage, but after he thinks he sells his son, he will tell him another way.
do you need plan?
but too late
his son was already in the shower room cutting pulse. as soon as he entered all the blood, he couldn't speak to save all the blood, but since then the child will not speak.
this is the question of character. i don't think it's anything
if you use to be leader, you will play everything
it's because no one initiate said that i want to be celebrate now. i think i think
he thought of a way to help in the immigration hall, and he could help and talk about it. you can take him to travel with visa may have half half year.
because i feel that i don't have that time to do this kind of thing in before exam
i think you rarely go to plan things
just dragging time, then too late, he will be able to speak, no speech, no speech, nor laughing, nothing, i will not have anything.
it is depending on want to plan or i want to plan
so you do n’t speak is that you want propest
it's not that propest is just
it's not really the feeling of not being dead without emotionness
because i have never said that the birthday thing that has always been said to involve is organise, then, i will go.
after that, the last ending was that they went to put the kite again before hassan and his father.
if you don't talk about you your own study your own f. y. p. i mean the group activities
this time he asked him if he wanted to play, and he talked about he can sense back. the corner of his mouth had a little rising, although he could talk about it, one or two seconds.
what do you plan?
that is a movie, this name is kiterunner, otherwise i will talk about that time with morrie. do n’t you see that half of the story is very touching because it is that he has the author he likes that the author he likes in the university, mitch mitch albom,
no g. s. s.
it's much like the snow before that spring comes.
i have never been the kind of planner in that group
i don't need plan
it's a beginning
you never take initiative and you never think this is a nextccessary you, you must think that must be someone will be
in the university, she is reading psychology. he has a professor that he likes morrie very much
it's not must be someone
we can plan together we can give suggestions
that author is a boy
his profess ~ professor professor is a uh boy is # ahpek # then that morrie is a boy and boy.
you didn’t say whether it was after or beface exam
the professor he likes is a girl
then, then he would one day he graduated, and he recalled that he would think about him graduated with graduate. then, he was going to work.
if you are really busy, you can say ok you at least you can
talk to everyone okay we have the celebration after the exam
our celebrate after the exam before
after the bag, then he ended, he said that he jumped after after that, he said that he was working in workmanship and now he made a lot of money a lot of money, and one day that mmorrie found that he was sick.
no main point, what time, celebrate has nothing to do with us anymore
just talk about them better, they are better, they are more friend
that morrie is almost dead
because he has always shrunk and shrinks. he can't go, but that morrie is very brave. he bravely face the world bravely
if you think birthday celebration is not important, i ask you just now
he just started telling lecture that this is his last lecture then that he told him that he was about to die.
you are all plan for your own f. y. p. your own studies
i will go to take initiative
that's not your take initiative because that responsible you have to do
the entire whole module said, "maybe this this this this this module will not have have a exam becape i might not to last till the module
because you are you, if you are not you, you are not a member, you won't you do it because you are the office of portfolio
then he said this like this, and then he didn't go without student, and he heard that he was serious after he heard it.
you can't stand on the stand. he can only sit there and wait for others to help him. then because he is very popular because he is brave, he is brave to face death, but the student's mitch was still in the uh detriot workmanship.
but you will also plan to have a one yourself, you think you think you think you are the best
i don’t understand that you are talking about.
then the morrie was in another city, another city, that mori ~ mitch did not understand that morrie was about to die
so what i mean is that i have plan, and it ’s useless, do you understand?
i can sub ~ no is not is not suggest is plan suggestion is that
then one day that mitch was interviewed because mitch was a reforter
without me, i said that you plan finished the whole thing. he is useless. you can suggests you suggest.
then he was doing sports reporter then. one day he went to detriot to the place where morrie's hometown was not going to morrie.
if your plan really good
when i went to the then, he found that morrie's place is morrie's place where he wants to see it.
why don't people follow you
why is it that others don't accept you without that quality
because you are member
why do you stipulate that you are member i mean in a group of friends
without you just talking about that portfolio
then his teacher was very kind to him, and then they said that every lesson
i am talking about normal life
then his book, you understand that book is a chapter that is a lesson first lesson. talk about. the previous thing was that the previous thingon was talk about the regrets.
because you are a man, because you want to be big business, you have to have this kind of question. do you not write resume what will write every day?
that is the kind of work when you, if you are
you have to do everything more, let alone you do employ. you must be a worker, let alone you are a boss
then because that mitch still wanted to work, he asked that morrie every week because they had something like discussions every week and every week, twenty -two worses and every week.
i don't mean me that when you are working, you can show your leadership, but in a friend, you are like this. it's time for you to run.
so he asked that mitch to see that morrie every week, so the name of that book is called tuesdays with morrie
it's not right, but i think it's because when relax is under the under relax condition when you are from friends
no, i don't think it's dramatic, but talking about a person who is about to die very bravely because he said that he didn't even urinate because some people saw that he saw him dying.
i don't think it is increasored
very normal, this is really a story
but many people are ashamed that he will dare not ask others to do it, but that morrie is brave. he said that the kind of guest who comes to him will tell him. uh, do you mind help me.
you can take initiative
that not really a plan
not very dramatic
it's very happy around us
it's just s. m. s. informeides what time meet buy a cake then. this is called
he is very optimistic very bravely facing death.
because of our boy's culture like this, do you understand?
don't do, do you alway, just say that you will put the problem and deliberately because the boy is not a problem for men and women
not okay for
it's very optimistic
let me tell you okay for example yesterday ai zhao ’s birthday, if i go to plan, many, many things
do you know that there is an actor week in singapore, do you know?
you did not watch mediacorp's scene. he is also him and he is also this muscle atrophy.
you make all the people are unhappy with your plan in your plan
after that, he is also very optimistic
if you don't need it, you don't need others to worry about him.
there is no discussion about the plan yet
but he returned you, i think mory has nothing like this
there is no such sympathize, he is because he is because of him
i have seen this newspaper. i have seen this newspaper. this is very much like this. this is not because he wrote it. i did n’t buy it. i did n’t buy it. i exchanged the that for one with hui ping.
i was very old that early zhou ming was only thirty forty. so he was still very young. his children was still very young, so he said that he couldn't hold his child.
is real life story
that author is called mitch albom arh, his story then for one more day is also his story
so your story is not very good -looking, how can you buy it?
go to kite
a lot of things are very time, our quarrel over this
it's really author's one
it was really his way. i think the real life story of the kite runner is more attracting. because it is very poor, they usually like to watch this excitement.
also said thing
it is said that there is one of the asorf that is very scary. the taliban, who is really horrible, i think some are still in 2005
only few years ago
if you want to punish in front of public
take the headball stick to throw them head
he had a trick to take the baseball's stick, and then kicked and took the ball baseball's ball to throw their eyes and throw them. do you know that the ball is painful?
so every time you are a leader okay
why are you leader
because every time you are your take initiative to plan everything
if the ball is thrown, they will lose their head and then throw them until they have been lost and they have heard the screams. they throw them when they throw them into their heads. this trick is you can image
others may not think you are a leader is just that
no okay, i tell you if it seems like for the ah zhao for exmple, i just example, if i go to plan
when you hear surrowing, many people are shopping
i go to download that the kiterunner for you
after that, they should be shout shout shout shout for a long time, long, and long, he dare not see why there is no shout because it is because everyone is tired.a ball of flesh is blurred those people
i go to plan then, i do a lot of that kind of very sparse, very sparsely excited
so do he tell you author for saying shi liang?
although you think i am a leader because i plan all, they don't think you are a leader like this
this is really real life story i read till the end i just realize no
you don't need to gather all people
no them will have the participate the point is without the problem is.
he told me, i did not know that i did n’t tell me that i knew then.
i just talk about why we don’t understand because two thousand five we have become bigger. i said why this kind of news has no report. he said that because of this war
without malaysia, it is very peace a long time ago
five better than none right
without you, you can have second session
is she more and more chaotic now?
it's really a peace you dare to say this in heping malaysia
how to once a year
i think malaysia is getting more and more dead. you can see that other country is getting better and better, it is already increasingly impossible. you don't think i think malaysia does not think that even if one day has that one.
it doesn’t mean that there is no war, there is no war or a war, but i still do n’t think it ’s still whether it’ s still whether it ’s a war or not a war or not
you are talking about xin hui
i think xin hui is
normally, you talk about malaysia peace
is he more and less peace?
i think you think too much. i don't think you think it ’s a matter of war.
threat your safety
that's the kind of snatch thief can get you dead
no one is with me discuss everyne is busy with their own thing
but if i really want it, i will start planning myself
so the timething is you, that is, right or your own plan then no one support
no one will support
the workman's p.
they will follow
they just don't want to do those things like you are talking about. if you think of this, do you think that anyone is join?
just do supply chain brand manager more business
why don't they go to help in planning the thing
he has the kind of body shampoo
the kind of supply chain is engineering. because it is about how to send those products from the factory directly to the shelves that is the supermarket is all the way then how do you help the province?
it is business's you application that for what
they will initiate and their take initiative to play becaue think that thing that related to them
that's engineering
there is a engineering module that is talking about this engineering is talking about this
it is not caused by never this one is the charter
you will be better. what did you just say?
there is no apply because ah zhao also has apply apply a h zhao apply for brand manager.
that's business
then because xue ting, they all have apply then, apply apply
i thought i forgot to tell you too much about trivial things.
what trivial
then xue ting is apply for customer service
just manufacturn
no need to be very sad, if there is really no get arrived
there is no chemical engineering, there are only two company. now the two company of shell and exxon then.
i should wait for lab becape, i think i should do it later because of if for exmple
all rejected
how many people do you really have to read before you read
small oil and gas company
no such good money, we do n’t like this, but also depends on your preferences. it ’s better to say that you work in is a good thing you like to do.
do you do it today, you do n’t need to do it tomorrow, because now p. h. d. student he has already already
therefore
why not that food and any manufacturing requires chemical engineer
so is like no peaceing us then we do our know when we do know or wrong.
everything is about chemistry
i don’t understand shell, before, without deadline, i wait for the application process.
because i told you that our lab’s equipment is very old and all of them are bought all of china.
when will the shell shell of the axon be moved
then it is easy to break the day
no exxon is now january from oct ~ from october to january, but i did not hear so far.
that microscope is broken
if axon is this october, it is no without receiving email
a friend i have one night for one night.
still at the from october to january
don't say because he said because he said, nothing can be done from your side.
because he put that forceps into the access
it has been too long, then thatceps corroded
he is message, let's tell us sorry the
so i would like to ask when the offer gets the offer.
you can email your supervisor and ask
no him is roughly the same ame time
fortunately, it's just that outer layer corroded, you can also #kiep #
it's but, he may say
so that p. h. d. student, he went to use sandpaper grinding and grinding and grinding those black ones and continued to use the but if
it is said that it is october to janulery
there are many people in our school half in exxon
should i take note is the people surrow you already got this offer?
because we have 500 yuan for f. p. student, if he has six f. y. p. student
six hundred for five hundred for that semester
if you won't ask, only those people have been to the attachment over there. you don't know much about it
there is no half of each sem because one sem has one hundred people and two sems. we separate 50 people to exxon
for me, we think our course is the worst
we don’t need these fund and these funds at all. i don’t know where to run. these tuition fees don’t understand pay to do it.
yes, you should ask them about you you
it's not fifty percent because he has some of some jobs and some, don't do these then. many people are focus on some popular as like me.
you don't need to do research
others do research, they are also linguistic
go to me shell
it's high
this code switching can be like this way we come to research
none of us are looking for volunteer
get better and more peace of mind, without job without job, go if you do n’t have a job.
we don't have this kind of no idea of this amount of money at all
but if you do n’t get it, you don’t need to be too sad, you
that department is not very popular
there are two aspects that are not obtained for then
you said i am a leader
one of me is 2,000 yuan for half a year and two thousand yuan ixus
i will definitely get it if apply, do the researcher
no job, i think you are very pessimistic
you shouldn't have two thousand yuan, what's job, what job is you?
it's not that there is no send. i introduced it to me.
that email has send for us
so i'm thinking about either
how much i think is that the job of more than two k. will not be difficult to find him because singapore is black and white assistance
it's graduate's salary is two thousand, so many, so you won't know i think i think i think i think
i don’t see what you want to do. if you ignore it because you ignore any company, you can find it
my friend malaysia's graduate will all talk about running
each is very determine.
it seems that some people do not do oil and gas. he just needs to do pharmaceutical and then pharmaceutical. now he has no invitation because of that uh economic downturn.
no [ah] but talks back to half just now
it's even more difficult for them to study here. your chance is higher
talking about the two thousand yuan, the programme is you who will recomate after half a year, you go to the kind of pharmaceutical company
fortunately, if there is no offer, i will put that
that can be used for back up
what is the time of right? do you want to calculate?
not because everyone is in the morning in the morning, we usually have a busy me in the first two days before then.
be sure to sign contract half a year
can't be one month
i just really cannit withstand your charter
i am very high to a boy's requirement
if there is no meet to you, it will be sorry
you can go to your requirement fulfill, your requirers’s
but did the previous seniors get this?
if i do n’t, i will come back later and i will be about simi to seven
it should be very competitive
i have to be like this
it should be the profiles of attachment.
minghui will be confirm like this
i know how time he knows he get the job job
as soon as i end, i told me that you can work here
this session is pretty good
give a communication opportunity but i don't think we can
that is, you all are wanting to go to shell to work, why no one goes to the apply shell
no because all people are solid, you have your own thoughts, you are solid, so you will never have consensus why
if apply axon, you can't apply shell
i have no intention of if you think you are right then you go on
this save feels better than axon
there is also improve space
and we usually get oil at malaysia, not all shells do not go to module mobile mobile oil station
i don't go to the esso mobile oil station
i understand the then, we won't go to them
there are ten minutes you you can say that you can already say
we don't go to support where they will make money where they will make money
go here session, you are boss
so axon is dangerous
no the problem is why you cannot talk in front of me
will also be three three thousand plus starting
fortunately, condo is not so easy. i think you have to do that kind of h. d. there is a kind of ten k.
i don't want talk to see you
for many years, there are many kinds of things, many jobs are after food or six years, you can get ten k.
my temper comes soon, but i don't have it soon
not because you don't think you don't seem to be at a time, you shouldn't be like then, you sometimes you won't be any. you are anytime any place
there is no such thing to me
soon after few months later he heard them say
i'm not i, i think unhappy then you can
even the three years's n. u. s. three years was not honours degree. there are also high salary.
you can be racingale, why do you like me
prove that you are also your management, your emotional management is not allowed
that is, they are not honours degree then, and they do not have first class
then the first class may have risen to three thousand outs.
without me, i think you are very not very not reasonable
maintain for one year
without two three months, if he is still more, he will raise the money again, so at the beginning, there will be three or three thousand three k.
if you won't be affected by my affect
i don't mean me. conversation is the if say if say of between two ways. i speak to a wall.
but i thought i could be in the stay in hostel for one more year, but it should not be that it is not just a three months in n.
if i have been unhappy, you can try to change that source
you are the kind of that like that like you
then i thought it was in the inside of slack
they said that because there is any mock teaching, a lot of sign batch chinese is because mock teaching, their report, is very scary. i think that the teacher of chinese is very miserable. the two chinese are not close to h. o. d.it must be used in english very much like two jobs
so what is your use of my use of my use
if others are unhappy, you must not use try to make her happy or cheer her up
so final year money can make money in the future
my how about you think the other way round
you will reverse every day, thinking about how you, what do you think, you can't think of your own part, do you have enough?
i speak very much, i am very expressive, it will be difficult, sometimes it ’s hard to say that the thing is very high. then you are the sound of your voice.
unlike when you listen to sleep, you ask him if you ask him, it will be that i think this is very important and especially when you are going to do business in the future
i have since i since i just now obvious
you want to attract others
it's not angry, but you just feel unhappy, i am unhappy, i do n’t like it.
there is no why do you feel so, not even me
they go to atend ’s many kinds of workshop all free of all.
i have been at attack me
the person who listened to this recording was very hard
that atmosphere is very, very very very very very very very very likely
i think okay
what you say when you talk about what you say when you are not angry
but we are angry with say nothing
i don't have a response?
your answer is not like oh hum hum
for those who usually tell stories, you also know that you who are more popular.
i can tell stories very much to you. if you are not angry, so so you are more pop ~
let me feel i am a d. j.
why can't i think a tach to the well?
you can have been the point
so there is no one, so you mean that if okay tells you for an hour, it is the kind of strange that will not oppose you who will not refute you. he thinks that things are the same as you
no very different but is just don’t understand, so i am also very strange
no need to be concentrate on your study today
go back relax
you do not speak for one more minute is no difference what
there is no content for what we are talking about anyway
i am from malaysia.
graduate in the year
you graduate for how long period alreamy
the repressentative of that kind of customer service is in yio-chu-kang, and now i want to come back to find a job
where did you work before?
i was called apple before
that apple company in the united states
where do you know that selling that iphone itouch
my company culture is actually everyone help each other.
let me ask my collection, my colleague is very happy to help me because
everyone wants to be make sure's question that is the best way to do this
so there is no so -called politics between us.
that is, we do n’t have hierarchy, which is just sitting like this is to do together, if there is any problem, if there is any problem.
just as ask the* other department or your own colleague
after graduating
there is no such possibility anymore
in this way, if you used to go to bed early and get up early because you want to make sure, you just want to go to work, right?
you can skip class you can sleep until he is quite night
it's too late, and then there is the opportunity to watch lecture recreding, but when you do it outside, you do n’t have such opportonity.
and the other thing is that you have to be more discipline that is to say that be punch and then you can't slag like this
so have you worked for so long, have you tried late for work
there is no if because, if i late for work, i know that as a
it's because our call center started to answer the phone from nine o'clock
it is the nine o'clock in the beface
can't you just make good?
because as a say is actually that i am actually
this contract is in october as a this is a contract job
because i think i still have time, i still have time to graduate, and after graduating, it is like this
then i was looking for job oppointunities around n. t. u. u. u. i also saw that observe was their career website to see if there was something that was suitable for me. then i happened to meet me.
can help school of compute
then you read triple e again.
why don't you choose to stay at apple?
because i think his future is quite brighten
i know i know this kind of thing is just in this yio-chu-kang, the campus they call campus
he is mostly due with, that is sales and
i and i often have occasionally. i have the job oppointunity website of their apple.
as far as i know, you are here ipoh from malaysia is that right
we are also from the same home town
you you will miss your home town
then, although it is small, i am still very miss and and and the ipoh because
its white coffee
yes, the old yellow is called the beans sprout chicken.
and chicken noodles
go to eat 去 powder and eat fried rice, then go to the ipoh parade to walk this way
that kind of life is very happy and then you can kick soccer after school every day.
there are so many shopping mall then tansports as many as singapore singapore.
it is convenient for transport to transport is a one of the good thing from
but i went to the shopping mall all window shopping. i won't buy things
i just go to shopping most of the time, just buy sundries or eat it because i will not buy those
i am more seldom go shopping and shopping, so i just go shopping
but if you look at golden village, you may have fork up like
eight nine singapore dollar, but you go back to yibao, how much money do you show him for you?
it is not possible to compare because you earn as singapore dollars thenen you should spend as singapore dollar. you can't say
tels that they can get a free call without money without money.
the competition of this this may may make to
that is, between their compete each other between the telephone company, because of singapore's popuration as compared to indonesia and malaysia, it is quite small, even if the market is the limited so
they must do some competition as compete with each other
that's from among. if other companies are other companies, they want to stand out, so they only have this
the price war of that prepaid or postpaid is the price increase.
the price of the rise is then make sre, who is the best thing to get the best thing and the best thing.
finally, who is the customer ourselves
you bought a cheap sim card then, he include inside.
you accept it, there is no outgoing or incoming call like this
yes, right and right, right?
and caller id
it's too much to divide up so, hoping that in the future, they will even call this callr.
it is very inconvenient to because people call, then you don’t know who is calling you
what is an international foreigner or foreigner student is
do you think you feel the food in singapore
in fact, their variety is rarely seen.
wherever we go, there are meat-noodle fish round noodles, and mixed rice. they come and go. these are the most than # roti-prata #
go to other sides of our sidapore other size.
we just can't just look at us that we may compare the place to choose from before in west side
of course, because we are grow up then over there
i like it in malaysia # bak-kut-teh # you can smell that medicinal material from a distance, and then go in and drink, i think, you know, then the rather is black pepper.
at the beginning, when i came, when i was singapore, i order # laksa # then gave me a obviously curry.
in fact, their singapore's curry #laksa #that #laksa #is more on or suntan or more on carry.
actually, i was last one week two week before i have been to aljunied. my friend takes me to eat penang #assam laksa #
then do you think there are any dischargence or
because his penang #assam laksa # is really
it is cooked with penang’s method
all are fish and then have sour and the cucumber and then that citric acid is in it and then there is a black paste.
he is similar, but it ’s not so sour because sometimes i prefer is more sour #assam laksa # but the cooking method of his overall is similar
speaking of similar or better or lousier
you can try it, let alone that price is also three dollars in affordable
recently, i have been busy because i am busy with my f. y. p.
why is there no progress, why is there no progress
there is no progress basically stress
because i want to read a lot
after reading, there is no clue know how to summarize and they then
it's your project that the more on that theretical or more on practical
put it in the stomach in that capsule
there is any problem with camera according to our intestine
is your micro motor’s meter’s meter or
for actually my motor is not used to push that capsule it is rotate that camera
like nano-tech
then you are specifically for more on direct theoretical to find out that mechanical's things or more on that means you really want to do that thing out of that thing out
i really want to do that thing out of the butd is in prototype thenen
their working principle basically is almost the same
but recently i want to come again
you may have to live for like one month and then continue
actually because of holiday then, i returned to ipoh then
it is not very convenient to return to ipoh at ipoh's home without the internet
life at home, so go to play with meet friends to watch the show like this
basically not, don't read it first, because the final more imprtantant
do you want to stay and continue to do your final year project or you will choose to go back
for us to find some low cost
we are to run to any food stall food center in singapore. let's take a look
so after you graduated, do you have regulaly?
comparing seldom is that i am a lazy, the kind of lazy is just walk i walk more rather than go and jog go and soccer like that i i i
because of
that survey told us
if a person does not exercise for a long time, is it good for him?
i know i know because it is your current period.
maybe you can go to sign up a gym member then you can use running machine over his side
no sign
how much is they member annual fees a year
that is your graduation certificate, then you can scan your graduation certificate for for them, and then they just make a plague for you
what is plapue* then then
what is the use of that plangue*
then you can have a complimentary to get a
then they usually have those gathering
it's these bonus
in fact, they also have photography club
there is something like sometimes.
but they also have charge. sometimes you just depend on whether you want to go to the internet or not
then you plan to stay in singapore for a long time to develop your career or you have the think of going back to malaysia then because that is your hometown
actually, i have thought that i want to be here to my stream and streams first competency first, which may be here.
in the first five and five years, i might be like going back to malaysia either ipoh or k. l.
for i unders that why what i can do is first of all.
your salary and here are a big gap again
that is, i can make the i mean the liability not liability like those tuition loan. those things are clear finished his make sure.
i am more like likely on this customer oriented.
one thing i think is very routine, so i just when i do it when i do apple
not necessarily, because i have some initials myself, sometimes it is difficult to go to approach those customer is shy, especially for girls.
it’s not necessary to wait for you to do the boss and you will get used to it
i think you have to have more jogging for you
no problem, you can back anything then, we can
our uniform is very casual
then i but, i, i, i am long pants sports shoes and tee shirt
because it's also very cold there, i wear things like jacket every day
then there are some of them. rather is wear short pants
or wear those beach pants and then tee shirt
i am also very cold, i also wear short skirts and that singapore girls in the lecture hall but then
without me, i do n’t know that i know how to say but sells.
can you see at a glance that person is
then you say that if you say overseas, if you say # ang-moh # at a glance, you can see that they look like # ang-moh # like this.
and their slang is
some people talk about# hokkien# from fujian's# hokkien# and then you say# hokkien# maybe you can say that it is local or you can say that malaysian's northern penang latter# kedah# may be said that it is indonesian's# medan# so it is so it isit's hard to say, which country they are from which country they are from
has become their culture
listen to lecturers listen to schools and watch the news like something like channel news asia.
then you are some time when facing people
what do you speak?
then your family and your ipoh friends then
what are they being talking about?
will it be that switch comes to switch, but since because i am okay
i won't go to switch
it seems that when i was working with apple
then they may pref ~ we and we are of course #gei-duo-qin #
the right thing is how much means that they are different culture got different kind of language cultures
in fact, it is singapore's way of wearing clothes. they are also a bit different from other countries. like malaysia they are similar to jeans for girls.
i rarely see them wearing jeans
they usually wear shorts or short pants like this
and their brand their prefer of brand is different from our preferbrand. for example, we will look for nike adidas puma in malaysia and then come to singapore and singaporeans.the name seems to
this may be the marketing strategy of due to our com ~ company.
then they want say prefer singapore because singapore is a a
then after they entered this market, they may be continue to other country like south east asia country to continue to develop this is what i think
then you plan to change you
after graduating and graduation, there is no differenter before i wear it.
if you go to work, you need to wear formal like raffles such as
just wear formal, i will wear that formal to go to work like this
i plan to maintain like this
of course, i think a more meaningful life is not only meeting up with my company colleagues friend and then i just want to follow me.
of course, hope is that every weekend can have things like gathering everywhere to enter everywhere. this is to see my job with future jobs scope.
without because, i will come back. i have something to do.
there are a lot of those essay type question. the one you want to fill in it really takes me a lot of time and then
he also reads the application that i have done me. i basically did not disturb the other person.
because i miss n. u. a lot i miss n. u. friends a lot so most of my friends in n. t. u.
you still come back in that class n. t. u.
to i understand that but can we move on together acheieveable
we should be move on
then you think that when you are graduation, where do you want to go to travel?
it should be back to taiwan or philippines what because taiwan’s food is so delicious
their two malaysian participated in the competition of a taiwan
i heard that they are about to reach the 31st
but if i go to play, i do n’t need to have such stressful just want to go to enjoy that vocation
in fact, they have an e-book. they are online and they have an e-book. you can refer to the culture in taiwan. maybe you
is there any good place for further explore taiwan?
i have been to taiwan once before i think
i just go to taipei taipei then next time i may have may to like to other part of taiwan.
very good, so i want i want actually
then you save money first and graduate with qi qiong to deposit s $ 2,000 with qi qiong
no because i am actually actually i went to hong-kong in june
so i think will be expending a lot unless, you buy a lot
east or else i think if say, you can save a lot if you live in those hostel
don't want to spend, don't want to spend this way, you need to try all foods, you need a sum of money
this is also enjoy
we are we are ourselves that you pay some for this you pay some for this
actually, i have thought about going back to hong-kong because i still can't eat enough because i think i might be when i went last time. we might be
we have a lot of place of attraction, as if you say that tsim sha tsui
that is to watch the night scene to go to the top of the mountain, how do you go to see that wax museum and then get a lot of start
lantau island is watching that buddha stature.
no because of the lack of time of because, then the due to lack of time so is our full force.
then actually, if you say accession
i am actually average hundred ten to hundred twenty hong-kong dollar. you can live for a night
more than 20 pieces of twenty plus
the one who has no twenty plus is everyone because they are in hong-kong, the accommodation expenses.
not count by room if say, if you want you to live in a three -person room, he will give you the kind of rooom of three room three person, and but.-kong dollar said that twenty plus sing dollars
he is not counted by room
will taiwan’s accomodation be cheaper or expensive?
it is also twenty -five yuan, but there are air conditioning, refrigerator, and tv.
then there is water supply ice kitchen and share, but the ice kitchen but not using it and then three three people and one room. this is very good.
almost the sace to me
there are laundry services downstairs
because last time i went to popces of attraction, i eat more. let ’s eat less. if i want to go next time, i want to eat
it's just that mostly on
a person is not multi tasking
why don't you put it all on the same sace
the other is something like for house rental
you don’t want to open a lot of accounts, it’s not annoying
when i came to second year, i had a monthly saving account and o. c. b. c.
compare the high interest rate and then in the
how much is the internet rate
then there is a relatively high and then. i put the eighty dollar every month and put it for twenty -four months.
then one is for daily expenses and then for emerge 13cy
it's really good
what is you found in financial recently?
i haven't found a new job yet, you will be expended again
your extens are more than your income then, what's the problem?
no actually, i have done it before the apple
income can also support to me for a few months
how much is your salary for a month?
this is two point five k. with
i know but i just want to find some rather not only for i mean listing for calls only but
for example, my internet in supply chain if
that is to say, i can go into support,
and opportonity is going to that
you, you talk to boy and talk to guy
the same means that if i talk to my friend, i talk to girl, and then talk about rough words.
tell the boys that i didn't tell the girl that your person is really too fake
but you should have no time at that time, you should be walking then
it is your acumulating for a while for overseas
for a period of time for go back home town
i still want to see how i will be my expenses
if you make an estimation, give yourself a target
i think but i know how to start
so you are already twenty four years old then, what do you do if you don’t find then
i don't want to do bachelor
do bachelor
what do you do, have you worried about this problem
of course, i have actually. i don't know how i went to approach because i wanted to tell you because you all know that i have a major that the secondary school is the until of all male. you go to that.when level form six
only to become guys and girls, so but i was also very shy at that time
is this an excuse because
because you didn't see their face
they are okay and they are unauton. they are very happy. okay, i just help them and i am also very happy.
in fact, chase girl is a very high -profile knowledge
how many years do you take?
because you have to understand a lot of things' thineery girl, they all have their own different places. then, you want the approach different girl.
many depend on experience
solding up to sell, they will feel that this boy is so special i will start to pay attention to you, the boy
don't affect your attitude, just don’t pick her up
there is no related with your attitude
so okay okay i seem to be good, i see, i can teach and advise you
find some objects to practice
you are not using a computer, you can talk to your beside those computer user
so you usually have like this
no because i don't design
you don’t want to design, i also want to give him a time, but i just give me myself, i don’t want to be
i do not i think two more years
come here and go again, come and go easy coming easy go
because i enjoy my as a bachelor's freedom
think of my girlfriend what is thinking
that is, they also know that they are good for me, but do n’t want to be because study and affect are not because study. you want to have to concentrate. do n’t because it ’s the problem with the relationship.
if you come to affect, your studies, otherwise, you may be like regret, let alone we are fork out every year
but it is because you different people got different things
so it's hard to go to compare sometimes
i've heard vegetarian
then you know why people choose vegetarian
because it is to reduce the first is that i know that vegetarian is eating less meat because you are cooking meat, you are cooking chicken pork, you are
in fact, he is environmentally friendly, but not because you cooked the head of chicken pork, you know
because in fact, they take the pigs and those grains and those grains in fact
you can take the then of help africa's children
in fact, no raitionale you go to raise up those pigs then
you starve to death the people of africa
yes, full-time vegetarian
is if can be vegetarian just vegetarian my actually i am the vegetarian but.
it is balanced diet
this is the normal people what normal people
unless you are rich, you can order three meat
have you really thought about like a day
a meal is veggie like that, you can also
you can also contribute to the ear
then sometimes finds some veggie from the ice kitchen and then go to the meal
that can be regarded as veggie
it seems how many veggie tarian are you also
or sometimes you go to n. u. when you go in line, you see
then sometimes, you want to go to like, you want want to like to eat western western, you think fried and it is expensive
i accidentally get a little fish for you
can't say this, because it seems to be indian food, they are more
that is, they are more expensive. they are relatively expensive.
yellow pear rice and then with brown rice rice brown rice and then mixed with ~ together with.
he had offer before i saw that the offer was two dollars for two dollars.
so your former roommate is your currentlymate, how did you have no one for a long time?
he he said that change is in what ance
outlook then thought
ideological and thought is okay but the thing is. he is now more interting on look -out
because although he was from before, it was physics research professor research fire
i don’t like physic anymore recently
yes, then then is after f. y. p. maybe he thinks
i think it ’s not suitable for him so. he is now looking aging more on this forex trends. now every day, how many times are he?
he compared to change over
it can be said that you think you will change after graduating
i don’t need to graduate, i can change
recently in diet then, i eat less.
every day i just drink juice didn’t eat solid food
you can drink banana juice waterlon juice
i can because i think i must make it this time.
i used to be kidding then.
i want three mons three to six months then
i can definitely achieve, this target
i have no order to eat these three days
on the third day the third day
i believe i can always be constinue without the last day
it's better to write a diary to write a blog to write a dial saying how to go every day
i have been doing after that, i can show you
now that plot is
i don't have publish after.
not bad, they are all busy with the preparing for the exam then
everyone is busy reading mugging mugging and mugging
because this is chin shiong birthday
my thirty days juice diet
after thirty days, re-plan passed
i might choose water diet or
in this way, not heartthy, you really have a large number of short of protrin short
when you eat solid food, you can rest in your stomach
if you are online, you will find that there are actually many benefit
don't do this every day, you are online facebook, and then forget to make a joke about eating and joking kidding kidding
not funny not fun all
my semester is almost the same, i haven't started to study yet because i am busy f. y. p. sleep and lose weight
because i worshiped the day before yesterday, i ran five k. m. then i worshiped five k. m. then yesterday i ran five more k. m. today i will run five k. m.
you do not have the so -called time management
i don't know if i might be plan tonight
then you but, you can be the night time like at night, you can use two the hours to study what
i try to sleep as much as possible
my alarm is six o'clock
i did n’t have to come out and entertainment friend, i have to shower and i want to come to library to work again f. y. p.
then not much time left already
it hurt me because it was too cold or that juice fasting because i read my internet. after a few days, there will be some symptoms.
detox symptoms is going to runny nose. recently, i have also been a lot of these two days. these two days
maybe it was from one of them
of course, there must be a support with people around
bad influence, such as shi chiong, have been told me to eat, eat, eat
i went to canteen then when i was dinner yesterday
order carrot juice
very expensive two thirty
i don’t know if i said don’t be ice, don’t milk, don’t be ice, don’t sugar.
i told him not to put sugar for me
i went to n. i. e. canteen then i buy yesterday
so far away, i live in hall three
because of my juice diet then, i don't want to eat fruit anymore
i don't have blending machine
because there is fiber, you drink juice just water
i didn't wait for the workman
you see where i have time to go to study
it has always been increasing
very nice today
what about okay, let's talk about the recent
let's talk about why eunice has become so blur recently
no calculation in that exam
no calculation
all is the back, i will be very # jialat # i don’t understand that i can’t read it when i read it.
i just read that i read and read, and then i finished reading it.
that question is exactly the same.
it has five questions and one question is twenty mark
so do you think i should be just
core
it's my major
you still have one week, i only have one one day
but i think it is really picking topic exactly the same is like is is here
but most of the time i am all in spot
at that time i told you that i have a spot a topic
i only read three topic
then i have one more topic that i read too much.
all the things you write are in depth
that, my confirm will spot
because it comes out, it is quite standard
i don't understand economics it can produce the topic that it like
every year i am a print two pass year paper to study
see if there is a trend or what is it?
i tell you last
my last three year's exam paper all has come with solution
back that solution
ah, see solution back that solution
so where are those solution they post
without their school, it seems that there is money to give them a solution
seems to give ten for a paper, you can do it
it's b. b. b.
so i damn sad
i am happy to give me answer
let's eat macdonald
you worship for five tests right
after worshiping the four exams, we will relax
after you finish the never mind, go to a mcdonald after you finish the exam.
where is someone plan exam, two days, four paper
but actually is not very good
but every time he tells me the exam, he is very confident
they are all confident
very confident told him that this paper should be ninety -five points
he is like me a friend.
that is, when we are reading j. c.
that friend him
every time he has a test, he is very# pia# the then you know year one j. c.just read the then to take the test
all come out a. he finally exam
he is all a. then i am all over there f. what to do o. ah
i'm in j. c. my chemistry has no pass too
they are all o. o. o. o. o. all the way.
you know such a smart friend in the end
then i know the smart friend, then i still take the rotten the rotten.
one month is after prelim between prelim and that
he takes triple a
he took seven a.
he takes two s. paper
you have such a smart friend
so sad
yes, i do n’t understand, just at school. you see that he seems to be very popular. where is you going? hello hello hello like this
he is now n. s. he reads double degree
of course, seven a should be a bald.
he won't be very athletic
he is very athletic
he used to be when he was in nanyang c. c. a.
i am very sad, i am very #cui #
his f. math also a. i hate then he reads f. math then i did not read math year one before. there are a lot of that kind of thing that is f. math.
very bad directly drop math, where can anyone exaggerate like this?
if i read four a. there should be no three a.
it should not get a. it's over
i read fourier, i should be very stressed, right?
do you have friend almost cannot promote
eh, i have friend, but they didn’t get that basic. they all # kena # promote
what does it mean to be basic?
it seems to be g. p.
i do n’t know if i want to one. level pass is an e. and above
he doesn't even have one.
he only takes o. o. f. f. f. f.
so how do you graduate? promote
it is because c. c. a.
he is not him, he is the same as i was from me.
then he after that, because he was you know the female principal of the last year
she is very hypocrite
let me tell you that she used to see her hippie smiley. every time she was you all if you all,
he told him she cannot do anything about it
because i go to her, she is like this. i have a few friends.
at that time, i didn't give me to at that time
because he said because he talked about its requirement
then i did the wrong question. i still remember that if it was function, i did the wrong question.tell you
but i am in combine science
middle school teacher told me a.
yes, but combine science also does not take a test a.
it is actually a lot of simple, but you didn't take biology's right right. you don't have you.
i read three pure science directly, okay?
i have seen their exam paper
don't understand actually me
for me, i think like not much differentce then chemistry is just okay that chemistry. it is really easy
why is there no electrolysis out of syllabus or what is it?
i hate electrolysis
no because of combine science
eh, you see this one directly let you take a a think. if i take, i can also take a.
just electrolysis
i think you can take a.
but i don't want to continue to take that combine.
at that time i had eight subject
so even if i need seven, i think i think i was there because of whether there is a #bohua #
because you read two the two, you only take one paper
so your two right not only add up, but one or two can be tested ninety, but in the end, you unk a grade
so i thought for a long time, then in the end, i was drop because i think eight subject is a bit embarrassed because i only need six.
then i didn't have intend to go to j. c. so only five needed
then five you think of chinese english is okay's then. i am quite confident.
at that time, my class was my class. my class was very slack.
if you take seven, you can read eight that you don’t read more. reading more in the end. you are still the six grade
my drop drops to combine lo
in fact, directly put combine pure chemistry pure physics
without me, there is no take physics
at that time, there was no physics
what time is changed after one year
it's not my year, the first year that they did that
i didn't have time and litrateure.
really, i am not a secondary three that only chose the class, right?
y secondary two chose class and then secondary three
you rubbish
是 no time i was one two three four at that time
i just write e. two and e. three
it’s not before, i didn’t understand it.
i know our year only changed
the first class is triple science pure science
change a litranture
it was our e. five at that time
then teacher e two called me and told me directly to me
it turned out that then i said that okay didn't care about it at that time.
but e. two people are usually good english
i don’t understand why i am in e. two
because the first class and the second class, they all have rivaly
at that time, we to e five secondary three secondary four
we are so is a a. d. e. j. k. i.
so we have two groups of triple science
those four k. it ’s because they are not good enough to go to go into those class, and their science is not worse enough to go into combine science class
i was thrown to three k.
english rotten science is good
to the people of a.
you should be the one who k.
who said me o-level with b four [leh}
very prop g. p. how many you a-level g. p.
i g. p. c. five
i take c five
because yvonne also takes c. five
there is more than justinin* fail
but g. p. the same is the same
why did yvonne take c. five?
she used to take a. two from o. level.
his english is a pretty good then
once inam right right right has a three quarter of the cohort fail g. p.
because we know it is because we understand him g. p. a. because we are almost fail in the class, there is only one a. so he is outstanding
so the whole class knows that he comes out of a. there is only one. then our class is sensational.
there is only one a in the whole school
then do you know in the end what he took?
you don't also c five
yes, then i c. five has no friend, not yvonne, but that friend is the friend
so we feel that the standard of that. level is
come to i thought
why do you understand her middle school and take a two
your middle school has a one
my middle school is not my middle school b. three him b. two him a. two me b. three
yes, when you understand at that time, when i took a result, i just know who is mister shan* that m. p. p. c.
he is my form teacher hates and then
he is dividing the result slip
where will she be very young? she is more than forty years old.
president of young for principal
the previous principal was super old
he is a very old then suddenly changed to such a young us.
then he finally talked about him, so we went to take result then i was the first one then. i just watched him.i will be shan
he just watched me and he just saw worry worry then.
you know at that time actually
he is very discriminate us
many are changed because miss miss loh came in and then changed
he spent a lot of school
he spends a lot of money on those performing arts
you know how much their budget is
we have listened to their exco and said
it is the excos of the performing art band
there was no budget before
it is annual's c. c. a. budget
you understand my friend jess*
why is my friend, too
it is my two most of the friends
i recognize him, i know, i know, he may not know, so i know more people. conclusion i know more people
really because of my senior, i and senior, he and senior are not very close actually.
want bonding
s but jess* give me a pattern outside her feel that it is the kind of cold and very small girl. will it?
seeing that she is actually like a very cold person but, i listen to you like this.
to everyone, he is okay's as in, you have to know him
he and unfamiliar person will have this way. sometimes he is as in that he is not expressionless, so you will feel that he is fierce because his face is dark, but he really doesn't get angry.
this is his normal expression
she has a feeling of iv ise
i didn't have any impression of him because i was not talking to you at that time.
because i have a friend, he is a senior
his primary school is my friend
he is my friend cousin all he is my friend
senor, one year old
then i would be with them, and he and his gang of friend so so
there is a camp thin i think and jess*
we all have story
it was he who had a friend that that friend was like not very nice.
i forgot, i forgot what he did, anyway, it should be a small thing, because at that time, we were secondary one.
i i
you didn't find that i have been try to change
the same justin tells me that he is al by him, and so
directly to chinese
your most of the person is talking to you
he talks to gerald, he will change to english
eh, you can't speak chinese with gerald
那个 did you see what kind of post that
that poem*
that's not poem.
to that is night principles
all along is english
but gerald
the most difficult to force the chinese to come out is difficult to squeeze the chinese word from there
occasionally he only talks to you, everyone will talk about everyone and you will talk about talk to you in chinese also
your opportunity is a bit strange
if you don’t understand, you feel like you are a bit strange
speaking of very american way
it comes out it soundded totally #bimbo #
she is sitting in your size
if he can't hear him, he will continue to play his game. he will continue to play my game
why is this speech like this is bimbo i undertondand
it's the feeling of dumb blonde
dumpling dumplings dump dumpling
what is brunette to you
the girl of brown hair is a american term
the first time i mentioned the dumb blonde
it's stupid stupid
right and then blonde
you go to online and find you type dumb blond.
many stupid blonde jokes dumb blonde jokes
sitting in the next door is she a blonde
there is no just a chinese and then try to talk about the american english very iritating
he to get that access like that access is very similar
it's irritating
you are completely singaporean
completely singaporean
at that time i didn't do that they said that i look like malaysian
and they talked about my sound like malaysian
i don't understand why why
it looks like malaysian to you
is it justin like malaysian
it's only you don't understand, but my roomie is not like malaysian, but she is malaysian
you see justin black, not like malaysian, my black statue malaysian
eh you roomie is not like malaysian
what time is empty because they are turning, they turn around
but my roomie she won't talk
then i talk to me roomie
when i used to work, i was quite a lot of malaysian. they were all the kinds of malaysian then they marrying to marry singaporean's workmanship here.
i get used to the then after that okay, gradually their lingo
i don't think so, how can there be government
just now i saw gong-ge-ment
i just stunned
i am stunned
i am also stunned a whole. i can't see anything
run over to help you, it is government, he will man government
many english mistake, i have been laughing over there #beh-tahan #
very bad, and then you have always hurt me and laughed at me. i didn't want to have n.
i don't want to have n. g.
i originally wanted act action all the way
so what time do you meet
i don’t understand me, i said, i finished the end, i went to meet and he ppb
do you want to drink water i know you want to drink water
today, it seems that there is a cooking dinner
eh, you talk about bad* yes
really, this is like this bad* sad
you have to play happy aquarium
hey you are very mean
no one i didn’t go to the name, i went to play that slug* i went to play that slug* it has been fell over there.
i have already built farm*
my online is called qi-fen, hurry up go and see the epic happy-aquarium
he will be the tone over there
i have put me two squid and two tultle away from another tank
how old is my squid and turtle? i really want to sell it
do you do so more? i have no adopt anymore
it doesn't take tight adopt anyway, it is free
already adopt
are there five adopt?
do not have that achievement
but that trophy did not have before their implear.
i just think i have so many thes before he didn’t he?
for them, they did not start because they did not have an imagent
you have a lot of you make a lot, many, many baby
i have a large amount of then, but i only have one trophy
you make like this, i see you a fish tank has five eggs every time below
very exaggerated your tank is very big
my laptop can’t play so much fish, it is very lag
it will fall off
play pet-society is very lag, you have played pet-society
at that time, i just started to play
wei qiang, you play a lot of game
you have not played justin yet
you didn't see too much online game just now
he is only bad mafia mo ~ world does not play, but it is just not playing
i have play with mafia-work
no one can win peiyi, i think pearm-ville has the most farm-ville #si # he has playing country-story
i have play with farm-town
i have play with farm-town
i know that i have n’t played for a long time. i ’m a friend suddenly sent me a gold then. i just take a look.
uh, take a look at the.
i don’t have time plot, the big field, i am lazy to go to plot
super big right pair
i heard that if you have eight neighbor now
then you can buy one i have a lot of neighbour
without you, there are eight neighbor, you can ask others to help you plot
at that time i played my own plot
it's not a long time after your plants are over
dan jiu i used to play in plot for forty -five minutes because i play at school computer
you are very free
very free is really free
the computer of the school is a bit lag
you library, you have to play on the second floor
lag downstairs downstairs
there is that google search downstairs, what's then what?
i, i don't need to upstairs computer upstairs
the c. p. u.
they do not have a large c. p. u.
but i will tell you s. p.
his computer is a school without microsoft
i have seen you in s. p. m. s
no you go to s. p. m. s. what are you doing?
that lab
i seem to have been to a computer lab and i have seen you if you are
that is the lab of nanyang business n. s. s. s.
that's not s. p. m. s.
s find a day to take me to s. p. m. s.
wait for you to go to cann b together
without me, i want to buy mister bean ice cream
i have understood where is mister-bean.
but it is not weird
every time i listen to josline*
you take a look at then, you tell me that i only eat his douhua #tauhui # #tauhui # #tauhui-zui #
don’t like because it is like
there is durian is steady
it is likely you to add add du add durian
compare the normal normal bean flower bowl
this is a dessert
four or five are really one who only eats one group and you will eat it yourself.
when you bought her, you tell her that it is durian moon cake
i told her that it was durian's ice moon cake, and then she asked me why i did n’t have a lotus roe.
all are durian too many durian, no lotus roe
yes, there is a snow skin of ordinary lotus roe
i haven't eaten but it's expensive. at that time, i bought me so much that i bought such a expensive durian for the first time.
buy such a expensive mooncake
nothing is not there, right, right?
put a cap at home with a capsule
one ten one ten dollars you know one moon cake
i took it like this at that time to eat the share
one person eats one and one and a half
many people eat more feel
there is feel
my head, my head, i talked to samuel* when i took mooncake, he told me to eat mooncake. i only eat ice skin.
what kind of love to see silver surfer and what love
he is studying
he directly network show all the way
but we all ~
this semester is worshiped once because we are all started lesson
if it is nine o'clock, i will have sunday night back
without me now, monday is also at 9:30 lesson
but you are all skip or
i am all skip
fart, walk away-
fruit buy snack to buy tibit*
i haven’t bought this week this week, which i wanted to buy fruit for a long time.
originally wanted to say after the four after exam, go out
go out shop shop
ah, what time will i worship the four after exam?
you are going to sheng-siong
what to do to sheng-size
eat thene groceries
not to eat macdonald
still friday to eat
you can be from friday, i won't be in the school
because i will study in a certain corner, but i do n’t go to canteen a to read noisy.
just go to other places to eat, if you are reading in hall, you can eat hall five hall four
if you read it there, you can eat at hall five hall four
you can go to celebrate
tell me that he can't celebrate after worshiping the four exams
he told me that panic level arrived
but his last paper was the most solk that slack and so much time. i think, he has no start
it really doesn't seem to be very comfortable okay
unconsciously, we can talk about forty three minutes
we can rest for so long
if we rewind, i can tell you
seventy -five pakisha of the converted
it's because dad be bothered dad is quiet
if two people don't want to speak worst
my dad is quiet.
if they find a job, they will not be so stress
but now naturally, your sister is not studying
but there is no burden what
a younger sister is doing nurse
okay
she has a little family allowance
do this part time all at once and do that part time at once
why don't she find a full time job
he now runs back to cinema to work again
why don't he find a full time job
what did she talk about part time to make more money
then she said that she should not work with a work of nine to five
she must not use work to five
she cannot wake up
rotten answer is right and bad answer, right?
but when i was working, i slept at 11:12. i was okay. i got like this in the morning. i can reach on time.
he slept at eleven o'clock in the morning at eleven o'clock
they watch show a little sleep, then sleep until one or two in the afternoon
why because we are university, we are college students eunice
because you are only one, you only have one
you don’t think i have a big piece.
i don't think there is a big piece. at that time, you have been talking about my propint very small pieces
i don’t know now, i think you two print* both are short
i don’t understand who is more, i see when there is convocation one day, and then someone wants to wear print's clothes. they are missing one. they know who is because no one
i can't be my s. s.
i wear x. s.
because joslin does not double x. s.
but actually, i ’s the same size as you wear, what is your spirit shirt?
then the fool he took m.
too fit is very mascular
this souvenir seems to see which day i still see see got who go and claim for me
at that time i also told joslin that we went to work
that job is to wear black shorts
wei qiang, you g. g.
i have not told josline why this is m. i think i think will laugh out
you fart, i remember when i first worn for the first time, i remember when i was wearing it as you, i felt that it was very like baggy baggy, right?
that then s. s. you can give it to you
you can give joslin
what do you shoot that day
eh you, this handphone is pretty cool
eh, you please, don't post this
why is it weird to alright what
but you won't think that like us, i said, i listened to my own voice and listened to the sound i said that machine said, i don't think i am like my voice
because it is a recording have you event ben on the size
what is talent site
i have participated in time time leh
at that time, i join
my stage fright singing
then what do you do?
the teacher next door asked me to friend
very familiar english ms tang
it hurts me to hurt me so sad
do you know if you know a teacher named ms cheong ms ella cheong.
i don’t understand, i only understand shu-bus
she is now he is principal
at that time he seemed to go back to m. o. e.
why do p. e. teacher can do principal
you know mr ng kok wing
with a ms loi, then the ms loi used to be his student before
how old is mister mister-ng now?
you don't feel that he is very baby face
he is very baby
she had come to class before, so we knew him and she came to our i think music class
not enough broad
so you have already down a lot of it
where is there a small girl?
i am already average and i am almost the same as size wei qiang as you want you to have half’s population limited
you see that you just talk about you cut down half of the population, now you have suddenly said
there are really cut half, but depends on, but you see my friend like among, my girl's friend, most of them, see shanon*, see shu ting, see jess* among us four clients, she is the youngest.only
eh, i am 173, i am high, her thirteen c. m. can
why don't you see you don't want you, don't just see you cannot just see the appearance you must see your
junjie talks about him 173 okay
but like, i think you and junjie
you see you see
it's really good now, it's really good okay
when you talk about junjie, i think you and junjie, i still think that junjie is higher than you. i think is because there is a small relationship.
really is because you are small
is the relationship between that shoulder?
it's generally that is relatively thin
you are relatively thin with others.
it is is a relation thing
it's your gene
i think it is i think, my dad is not my dad i think my dad is very big also
he did not have measure b. m. i.
you know healthy are you sure again
because he b. i. too low
at that time, i also had a period is low
his too low then
because there are not two p. e. session one morning a afternoon
that morning is everyone who goes to the then of that of that of that
if you are that. p. p. t. then
if you do n’t want fail i. p. p. t.
this semester this semester, you are going
it is directly that it is an incentive for passing i. p. p. p. t. so you don't have to go to that afternoon p. e. so afternoon p. e.
you have to wait three clocks just for a p. e. session
not very stupid
yes for three hours for a p. e.
so everyone is very incentive to pass. i. p. p. t.
i pass, i want gold, you underestimate me
you can't run
i can't run at that time, i was able to run at that time. i ran at that time.
at that time, you can be incentive, right?
i want you to want me to run two point four now.
it was thirteen minutes at that time
i just saw my own timing, i am very impress
i just run around
he is very confirm
i don't want to go to run
you have nothing to do with exam
don't worship liu for study
there will be told you to read, we have called him yesterday.
yesterday, dinner, i'm not eating with you
yesterday, dinner, you eat with us
who eats pepper chicken yesterday
that wave is a bit slower
you want the chocolate you just eaten
i have been from mark* since then i have taken it from camp.
i have been waiting for the one who has been looking for him now and found that brand and found the brand that flavor can find the three flavor.on jurong-point
twenty -thirty -thirty
how many pieces are about three and two
almost one make it this way
i have eaten it for three days. today, there will be no food left. i ’m very delicious. i have been missing that taste. uh then, what do you want to do today?
y yeah yeah has forgotten to have jurong-point
go home at night to eat watch movie then home
i am mind for but
what is it to do now?
i just want to ask him that he has chosen people. if he has chosen people, i can not go
if you are not enough, then i will go enough for people.
not a december thirtief
right to you tell you that you like you on december 30th, you go, you come, you will get your thirty -first game, you will be better when you come back. enjoy for new year
you see other hall was very good
you don’t need to see, see if you see what they are doing.
wait for dota
play dota
play with your comp
so it's real but there are a lot of things there are things on the other side
i didn't bring laptop
uh, do not need i just need the keyboard
after disassembling it, i did not break it. i am waiting for a good weather now and then go to takegeraph.
outside, we did not have a dark when i got up
there is almost such a time that your east side is not like this. east size is the same?
it's so whispered like this, so i make the ames free
it's not that you are your amplitude
how tall is your loveness and then your wave is your frequency
without twenty sing, there should be no such cheap
do you understand that game music live
its second seat uh, i had to go to yes in may, uh on indoor-stadium
when you go back to camp, you will go outside and wait for taxi is horrific experience man # walao # many people are all book book book book so it is like when i go out.
there are taxi and red
i almost can't go in the guard over there
at that time we
he didn't give rebate
it's funny enough.
is it in new-zealand or where is it
no the one who cannot the guy
very deadly if you drink alcohol ~ if you drink beer right it is like for exten ~ extended period of time right said drunk more easily then if y ou yeah if you drink alcohol
i still remember that at that time, i still remember that at that time, animate festival all the way unable eight think or nine think eighthty nine think at sungtecc
then i wait for taxi all the way unant eleven
then after that, you understand that the book in on sunday night
after turning it out, i asked me and asked me where you went. where did you go? the first question. i think. the first question is not to ask me where to go back to camp. i don’t understand.
he waited for him to wait for midnight
he waits for midnight
no think, it's just right that he passed by him to go in
just outside of sungtec
twenty okay
okay in his twenties
there is no midnight charge
there is no everything all add up together yeah but then, you know the most #sien #that was just when i just called the office.
there is including midnight
why don't you have to be so late at that time, where is anime festival at that time, where is september a. f. a. o. nine is september september
at that time, he was still okay after that # kanlinma # still wants to be with what he talked about.
because you are like #hum-ji #
do c. s. then they just came in for the first time and then they just happened to go to exercise during december. then i went to after that.hs like
he asked me if you want to go to play with i mind nothing to do also. i just play a place to half the then half.are playing monopoly what if r. s. comes in
wait until finally taxi
at that time, i told him to stop at yew-tee yee mal-yee-tee-mall because i wanted to ask me if i wanted to ask for money and there were more than 20 yuan.i really waited for him to put that me ~ he still followed meter and ran over there
because i am going to ask for money to pay back his money it is like
fuck you, give me twenty, you give me more than thirty pieces. i think it is not tight.ask me, you are not talking about you to go back to camp, do n’t just give you money after that, you can see that price thirty -five what the fuck it is like.i have the i have the assured that i will reach beyond twelve
i am like i think
one hundred and five hundred and four hundred and five, then after that there is one or two stretch
his rate is the same
oh, it is the kind of middle age, the kind of middle age
more than forty and fifty are the this au group that they will rush
they will not be fast nor slow. i think they alream got use to that spey that spey that that year, the middle age age will reach hundred and fifty hundred and thinger and then sometimes sometimes
when there is no car, it is all the way
turn late for camp and then take taxi to be late for school.
can't ninety cliq you want me to live #ohkong #
forget okay # sien #
what are you wearing that three quarter jeans
listening to his accent is not like
the accent of not listening to him is not like foreigners local
there is no i think that is ever is event. tried before cauer that time my poly friend cause she she she she she she was teochew sameas me then i tried to convert with her in teochew yes
at that time, i seemed to be just like this.
you think, don't change it, otherwise, if you stop, it will be forty five minutes worth of yes
where are you still in sentosa, you are still in sentosa
you are now here, we are there # seizuo # let's wait for them to wait for them to wait for two hours. i died and died.
how to take piction
this kind of yeah yeah
they l. f. i. automobile
and how to sell diamond
so when i talk about half, i have to switch to another laanguage
it is one sentence of english one sentence of chinese
don't you need restart?
good okay
i will not speak in english and mandarin
then we are discuss about
uh better cause
so knowing more people with yusof hall is better
but now isofn must not be with us confirm
so we need to wait for yusof hall to be confirm tonight
we then approach temasek hall
no nothing else to inform
he did not follow me inform
what canvassing job, i don’t know what you are doing
i want prepare a minutes
a prepare a agenda then
i am not at how
what do we want to do in this month
he just had a send email i know whether you see it
there is no check my computer without me without me
what is he updates
uh regarding those ad-hoc canvassing jobs
things such as survey
don't tell me, he said half and half that he didn't talk about then, i don't know what he is doing
but i kept asking me to see him every day, i asked him that i felt that i was very iritating
he talks with the two of them okay
he talked to ah june and zhao qi.
he just didn't have inform unless he wanted to like mass information
he told me that day we was talking then uh
so i am also okay i mean
he wants to talk about i mind. he goes to say that i don’t understand what he is doing. i really don’t understand what we are going to do.
i just know that i want to do bash
if you don’t make a lot of money, it is not necessary to do it by ourselves. he said he knows
it's like saying if it is after 12 o'clock
you can drop anything else
i haven't talked to castor zhiyang for a long time
do you have such a boring
uh, or sunday, but i can't use it
uh time when working hours
so when you workmanship, anything else other than work
because the boss will write a report, i can’t do a private thing
no, but i don’t understand what he is doing
at that time i told him that we could not do with d. n. d. do it
so that day i was a bad guy in that booth sushi buffet
in front of zhao qi, i told him zhikai i think
our consider,
after they agreed, we followed them uh combine the bash and then, zhao qi, was there
but zhao qi said so now you all doing your
i haven't answered zhikai, so i said that we will talk about it again
do you want to do it with d.
of course that is the ultimate
uh, that is the most important reason but we have to
i have said it, i have analyse for him to listen to that day i said v said
and like
the people of our target are the same person, although you can sell it to other n. t. u. u.
but overall that reach is a saac
uh you cannot say that we are from n. t. u.
that propits will be more
very sad
very sad
is a bonding event
because twentietit is out is because of that n. b. s.
does zhikai live in clementi?
people are r. j. you have to give him a little face, right?
you see at that time, we would pass by clearnti then i told him that you will be late's malaysia trip
would you like to go to your home?
no need to be very light, i can take i can take
i agree with your say
that is really stupid then, i told castor
that super ridiculous
that day, because i saw his castor online immediaately after tell me, i told me that i told castor then castor say
that shoot and arrow thing, he said that he can stick that point in that
you know that the that kind of played that kind of toilet, the then he played, he told that sticky
i don’t know that okay try to try not to laugh
i didn't say much, i told zhikai that i couldn’t
so zhikai more or less will be influent
zhikai told me he thinks a good idea
a cup of bubble tea can't make much
uh, if you have that game at least d. n. d. you can also earn five cents
i told him that i couldn't like to make a profit together
in this case, is garang ~ are we still doing # karang-guni # with d. n. d.
people are limited
without you, you can add up all the manpower to divide by say
three committee then profit even more like per block
you see, if like it seems to be a right thenen of weiming, you will give them to them
we will give them a lot of overlaap.
then d. d. take six blocks and then then
uh h. s. c.
divided by block already
you have a lot of things, the you can call the lorry over the the lorry
lorry
see if we go by a block, a block, a block collect, right?
call that lorry to then, you throw that thing and go up
do not use keep track
another way is how many block then you divide of you collection total
what to do photo shoot
that o. c.
uh, there is a friend who don’t understand what farm is his father
that side to take photo
but what does taking pictures have something to do with farm
so that time, we are talking about that
are you going to find those exitic places?
we are not yet confirm
he wanted to think of then becoming farm
you don't know that then we have nothing else to talk about almedy you know
what about that credit card
you told me yesterday that then today is
i don’t know that george’s listening skills has a problem or what day, we all understand
because he originally said that he wanted all subcomm-e er doing then, i said j. c. r. c. subcomm was everyone.
i just say it, otherwise you are like shawn at that time
then, we use our own committee ourselves
then i asked him whether our committe subcomm-e er all had it to your clash like overlap. he said he said no
his littlely is
he said like's mostly is low profile peopile so
rarely overlap with w. o. c.
both of us can do so, our promoter gives one we can pass the two promote two at a time
we just do the then after that.
i said j. c. r. c. can't do citybank city clear or what then that can only make one card then
in addition to j. c. r.
then i told sarah that then sarah said
then bryan said he would call a joined meeting with all the w. c. then i thought it was a waste of time
this is a very simple thing
he has no message me yet
because now you talk about your then he say story then very confusion what
i don't know if he has done it without but.
zhao qizhi know what he doing i really know what he doing and he has no update
that conclusion then, why did i go to speak with yong?
they don't do well
what does dota or or tell him like world cyb cyber games?
if you want to make a entire n. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u.
where can i go to sponsor then gaming eovent?
those who throw it to you, you can see so much money, you will talk about okay okay okay
they are not enough for experience then they will be by easily influenced
he wants to be emcee either emcee or
because emcee, he doesn't need to pay
he asked him this alex to talk about two hundred fifty
he gave me two big then all small stitch then.
those soft toy is to catch a lot of them every time he catchs.
i think a hall event then is not that you buy it. you win a lot
don't be alway listen to him then, and think of him
many things can be promise. he is a senior okay
he wants guide, you can listen to what he said, what is the butle that he wants to say
you don't want him to talk about then, you can say i can tell you too
i can also think a lot of idea for you, i can give you a lot of figures but
you want consider, these factors then, he said okay
you need spend more time together
he didn't tell me but
i also don’t want them to meet with this thing # bo-liao #
when not feasible, then i reject then i am also feel, because i have said it
i don't want to compare the experienced then i have always taught him what he wants to do
did he listen to you or he listen to you at all?
he quite # geh-kiang #
you talk to him, oh, oh but after that
very stupid
a little better than that music for a camp
that music yeah the musicians one
because we think the past few years is very bad
their publicity’s publicity this year is very #chui #
very lousy
when enjoy your holiday, and you have nothing else to do
because i don’t know if i say it is also in the end, i will go
when i was in that door that day, then someone shouted
there is a woman who shouted loudly in your block
i don’t understand scream
it's a quarrel the one
i don’t know how to switch to so it broke you know
do you understand what moral of the story is
don’t nosy, don't take any time for nosy
uh, but i will pull out my key first
it's gold
can't you have to
when he came in on the first day, he didn't see his key already then he i was to duplicate the exact one
why is it broken in this pattern
i don't know if it is impossible for the key of weak
that key breaks then okay
i didn’t go to duplicate, the key then they would ask me to pay seven yuan
to but, you can’t go, i still have to go to duplicate, then in the end, it is almost seven.
if you are that original then, you can explain for them to hear them because you do n’t see it, so you go to make a duplicate
because your broke that key
so my broke that key
no you realise that i am just in
speaking so that
you realized that i haven't listened to what you are talking about
i am in jigsaw my key
we want consider alternatics so that
their also want to use n. r. c. c. c.
at that time, we went to that hotel rendezvous d. n. d.
you go to rendezvous
don't go here, you go, then you will go to then.
i am also a person who has no sense of direction, he says illi, you will think that boys have a sense of direction right. i tell you that i don’t have
he said he didn't know where direction was
it's a skill
if there are girls, they will drive.
you should also drive, otherwise the woman will not drive if you drive very loser right
no but if you talk about the same way
in this way, you want to work, you want message, your girlfriend told her to download you, you want cater to her time
she has no time to download you, there is no time, you have to wait for her to wait for her at office
get off of then
that one will be very loser yeah i agree
to i think yeah
of course, there is a license will be better by then
can drive license
if you and a girlfriend who can drive have license
with one without license, you will not drive a girlfriend
do you think our speak clear enogh
but your voice is very nasal
that's be helped
just now you are on record, i can’t use imagine if he comes to castor, and he will not speak those chinese
he will not read the sound of zhihong lai zhihong's voice
uh more people then, we can call casster, they come
but castor will not read that chinese character
lid is effectively bilingual like me like me
i don't know
because you are not involved enough
you didn't come to meeting
that team the few people who voiced out
i don’t know what you are doing that management site. i don’t know what to say to him
in this case, can wednesday be called nat together?
he asked him to always tell me that he kept telling me that he has always told castor that the caseor has never called him
bingwen is it i know i know like then
which nat thing
i really want to hit people not me
you speak so i don't want to interfere then later
the thing that turns into my thing, he is very angry, he goes to the sam to talk about me and i like me
there is no theate in the end.
i called him by myself, i asked him nat
where can i be misinterpret everything to this this make sense then after that
i will talk to him, zhihong, and say
i can't be misinterpret everything
su
speaking of then i said, like one night stand, what right
who told me because i there i told you i because i tell you who was the one who told me that
not nat
it's nat then, you go to talk to nat nat, say that he does not have she never tell me all the things she really she talk to me at all then how comes
i said that he talked about the.
do you need me to help you clarify with nat?
so after that
like
i do not have before you when you tell us
she has no meaning that then after that
i finished talking with him, i also told lid ten like, li very sad thenen, i don’t understand
lid vry sad
i don’t know if i want to talk about it or do n’t say that feeling you know
i am the kind of if you misunderstand then
alex called me that day
he after that, i am realize, i speak to nat we realized that
he will be sharoning assim;
and what is the last one i forgot, i read it yesterday
i didn't tell you that it was samantha talked about
okay, then after that everything, i did n’t have an expect suddenly that she was so angry that she was so angry that she and she followed. she and she followed.
is not a backstabbing i think
if you want it, we should all talk about it once and for all not like
no the realise after that
our so call sam talk
so we are not very bad like this
i and my mingxiu like we wee very shocked like thing got so serious
suddenly there is really a segregation what i told you all that day
they are really talking
he is really refer to you, the clique like you
just
o. c. like
count your something like that then, what do they also say # kazi # is your like like
our pawns
not like something like constinue
it's not something like, your aomthing like
our hebs
really everything was as if like in that room
really that night, there is really such a why i think that it was a very serious thing
so i go back to right then after that
i don’t know that the day in the room, they said that i have a little bit in the room.
i'm not talking to chinti was the one who
where can we have snatch talent
no matter how much dinner and dance and hexis production,
then you have to take all the good people, they really talk about you very selfish.
you are one clique so me
i'm considering whether to join your committee then naturally. i want to know
i initiated i called her then i asked him then
i don't know if he has any uh like believe what i said
he has speak to ivan
this thing like partly is ivan, what is actually, i don’t tell you
who is wrong and who has no wrong one
because he thinks he is wrong
very obvious is just a misundrsestanding what but
because that was the con ~ conclusion we metha
we are just camp suddenly live like
uh that day like i think me mingxiu and ching
you become g. g.
we have gossip once then you know
what to speak to nat
he had said that day i said, i want us to be careful, you, i went to tell you
you know he is see it as a betrayal of trust like
that thing is very serious in the sense maybe
it's not like her attitude like every she screaming or everything
now that i have passed, i have moved so i think
but every time he english mix chinese chinese mix english
so now you can start or you want to focus on start
i think it's okay
that one o. four's digital electronics, will you do it?
by the way, do you go?
i don’t understand, in fact, i very free or not this week
that twilight movie outing
i participated in mostly, board game seems to be reversi othello and scrabble
did they have a trating recently?
what food do you like to eat
actually i don't pick up i can all kinds of food
your tech com project
what did you do?
is there any time for you to see movie together next week?
what do you think of movie?
what is your posity in hall what sports
should be focus on one to ~ one topic
what is your hall overboard?
i am doing logistics
so far, i haven't arranged for the transport that day
i also needed to help him design that logo
but deadline seems to be a week later
uh that depends, look first
see if i have time and whether there are other travels
by the way your econs
i think there is nothing among the people we know.
this weekend has hit some mahjong and some mahjong and
which movie do you think
i watched that new moon
do you think that new new moon is good -looking
when you are a soldier for you
i am doing military policeman
i'm governing that door and inspecting people who are responsible for checking people and their luggage
i am doing armored infantry
i'm just a pity to get silver with silver
what is five c. m.
i like to live in hall because i don't like back and forth because that journey is very long
i also probably but, do you think you can live?
i originally wanted to take twenty -one a. u.
what to do, i haven't gone to plan, my timetable
is it too early? like next next next week
ah, i don't know how to call me meet at tanjong-pagar m. r. t.
i have no time because i still want to catch my website
website of w. s. c.
some of them can't run with me.
but you can participate
maybe if my friend goes to go together, i may go with them
will you go to the entire length?
what do you do in addition to watching movies recently
help me brother
his birthday party
in fact, his birthday was the day before yesterday, but we were worshiping five
celebrate on the day of worship
recently, it is very similar to many people birthday
also buy a lot of present
by the way, where do you plan to celebrate this christmas
so christmas
i should have a limited time in hall
see let us hold some activity
i originally had to do that gift exchange
that way, never mind
wait for you to go back to hall what do you want to do
uh because i plan to go back, just go home just after washing my clothes
i can't fight mahjong
uh yeah but that depends on my mood depends on my mood
i have been hall a few days ago
what do you do in addition to doing website?
because the impression you give me is you are always in hall
there is no it just appears to be like
today, because of today, i just install windows seven so i want to go home in install a lot of things
generally speaking is okay, but this morning i have a bit of internet problem
now i have no internet every restart computer
i need to go to disable
i suddenly had pop up before i went out. i thought i was virus.
now my computer is in scan virus, so
not sure it must be virus
there is no virus directly on reformat
my pile of piction and data file i lazy back up up
have you ever played badminton with han chong
there is that that day barbeque's night
by the way, barbeque's money, are you still working hard?
just now i just saw li yao who seemed to go to sungtec-city
he think, he is very funny when he is back
is it still harson to my roomie jackson?
you can be volleyball travel
and cheer training
there is also the logo of the f. o. c.
but my hand injury is not good yet
so i don’t understand if i want to be join cheer
their of them
they clearly told me that join only needs join gymnast
i have to do base then, i have told them, i don’t want to be base, but
this is very simple, don't join
you may not really treat me as a part of the anyway, because i go to then
don't go to the ame of the part
by the way, holiday didn't do part time job?
i think but i have no time
but mine is non stop is
i went home in the same ten days as soon as i was in hall
i don’t plan to butd i use iphone now
can you buy a new iphone then to sell the old ones to me?
at that time, i told you about you like it you said you like it
i like its functionality, but it has a little color. i don’t like it.
what do you think of you, this sem, what will happen
i will be quite happy, but i think this possibilities quite low
what do you feel when you come to uni?
i think i think with the institute of technology a totally different world world
when i was at the science and engineering college
which lecturer
do you get certificate of merit at the institute of technology?
what song do you usually like to listen to is english or chinese
i have listening to english english chinese songs
but i didn't have any new songs because i didn't listen to radio what was still
have you heard lady-gaga's bad romance recently
i friend with send, but i didn’t listen to it
because i don't like lady-gaga very much
your next sem can still
will there be more activities such as continue to join?
i will definitely work
you don’t understand jurong-point what is delicious
the food court is under renovation but
now it seems to have just reopen again
there is basement
it's next to b. k. long john silver
how much is voucher
by the way, what is your laptop?
i use acer's brand
it's just a lot of people.
they said that it is easy to overheat
but how long did i use still okay
i heard that hansel uses lenovo end up him
i brother, he bought a new ben-q laptop, his acer was broken
which one of your favorite canteen in school
because he gives his vegetable and rice, this is quite a lot
at that time after exam, i and my friend went there to eat there because not a lot people over there
if it is peak hour
by the way, do you have driving license?
i think i will also forget
are you going to study for three years or three and a half years
if he doesn't let me overload
just a half
have you ever wondered which module of takece?
he is just suggetem, you can
you can just plan yourself
which is the module of pre-requisite for next year because you may
if there is no time, you must not take any more time.
i go to can eleven to pack vegetable rice
eat can eleven every time
it's not in hall
because my poly lecturer called me to choose
he originally told me to choose computer engineering
but i told him that i didn't like hardware, he said that he can choose computer science
ah computer engine
how about the course of our institute of technology
so tonight you will live in hall
i have a training camp for othello and scrabble
by the way, isn't your printer's ink finished?
i am a printer left
the black ink but color ink i am out
have you seen any incretation recently
without you, have you seen bleach or naruto
i used to watch these anime but before
by the way, do you understand who has the birthday coming up recently?
just like the one they did at that time
it's dan, they did
for them yesterday, there were k. t. v. outing
do you like to go to k. t. v.
have you said uh mindy to talk to him recently?
by the way, we will go to attachment a few times
if we squeeze into year
three years of complete, then i will go to attempt attachment
it seems to be year three sem one
which group of friends
i am with my school
then yeah is doing all day of only earn twenty dollars
is your reporting timing?
then we can do a little more one p. m. plus you know
that kind of muscle rub gives people the muscle
you didn't tell me your steps very near the ending point just now
uh, in link-point, they give the water and give those ointment to those ointment
but if you don’t run to the end, what do you need
uh, they have different stations that gufferent things
santa's costume run
ah at the beginning to walk to our station
isn't this going to forty two k. m?
there is no mine in forty k. m. but but we have to take shortcut
what bus do you have normally home?
i took one nine nine out and left n. t. u.
stop at boon-lay. take the subway
to potong-pasir
from my house to n. t. u.
by the way for a long time, i haven't seen what is kenneth, what is he doing?
he said that he has nothing to do this week. nothing to do
but he thursday he has a floor ball trailing
i have been playing dota at home these days at home these days
i just played facebook that castle age
what is the dragon shot?
because i saw standwin playing all the time
who is standwin
when you were a kid, which secondary school did you get on your childhood
on yishun
your home is in woodlands
because why did i choose this middle school because my brother is studying inside
what are your briefs doing
reading n. y. p.
because he went to i. t. e.
then go to poly
he is in n. p. what to read
he intends to have that
come here n. t. u.
come to read triple e.
i persuaded, but not using no us
your brother
i only have me in my house.
by the way, you will be like may plan, will you like may plan?
timetable like my friend plan
if this happens like this, it is like this, but i will not specifically spend a lottable with her plan
if may runs, ask you to be like you plan, will you be the same as his plan?
if he wants to be the same as me
so those good slots should be everyone in snatch
but also depends on your subject that you chooose to take
but i don't have that precious camera
i waited for my dad to give me his old one when he wanted a change carera
what brand's camera he is now
he seems to be using canon
his profession is photography
he used to have his own studio
uh my dad is doing prime mover
is it like the long -distance car like the container?
then my mother is a kindergarten teacher
ah, i taught that little bit help that much
i mother, he did h. r.
my dad is photography
at that time are we having holidays
do you participate in f. c. f. o. c.
but what should i do to do senior attachment
uh just, pay back the money to go to the camp
your school's f. o. c. what theme
my school is final fantasy
then i am publicity and publication, so
the name of the camp is from my decide
this topic of final fantasy
yes, then go home to play dota
but i don't have have any inspiration
i am subcomm
just don't want to be
because at the beginning i said that i did it, but it was actually two more people in is me and
we have done a first draft, but that is that
i have n’t done website for a long time.
that kind of w. s. s. you can do a website in three hours.
by the way, what about you before f. y. p.
my partner of f. p. p. are you hui hui, do you know him?
she is in n. u. s. read
i don’t understand it should be year two
she was going to read n. t. u. the then suddenly changed her to n. u. s.
do you remember our f. y. p. do you want to give board of directors?
we also have the auditorium present to public-poly to public
because our project is l. t. a. project
then what is the public talking about
they can only listen to
in fact, it is l. a. follow all the colortechnic collaboration of polytechnic
do project for l. t. a.
do you have a like to help them applaud or do you applaud or applaud them?
cheer desperately over there
do you know what other canvassing?
who introduced your who intropule
chaiirman of sijia and o. e. c.
i originally had a person who made appointment with i. m. h.
have you watched the show the programme?
i was on hongmao bridge as if they were in live broadcast
i think they teach those who disabled
i don't like to watch this kind of chaow because
i think you call people donate money i rather go and do something myself and help
what movie
what movie
i heard that ninja-assassin is really bloody and beautiful
you didn’t look at japan's drama
there are very few drama in japan
just get used to live in hall
do you have sun burn
speaking of sun burn, i am my early morning
because i go to one p. m. plus, i sun burn
those who can't run marathon and go to join marathon
there are fewer people who are more than those twenty one click
and my logo of my hall awards
then i have hall's sing-and-strum and still
so this holidays i am very busy
dancing and singing, what time do you need to be in hall
i don’t know how to dance like camp
do you still have go for night jogging recently
i remember after our last paper i had to run that night
no accident can happen, no one wants abduct me
the station may be hit by a car or it is difficult to predict what what
but you are hit by a car, you see at least, there are still people next to you
by the way, do you have often on facebook recently?
quit facebook
but last night i was too?
i went to facebook, i never played these, i just went to see what my friend did
what else do you play on facebook? in addition to playing castle age
i didn't play other games
do you play that pet society?
i've heard of it, but i haven't trdled
that tech comm report
do you think the lectuerr will still be at school there when you go there
no one is placed in a green box outside him
tell us to go to collect at any time
i think the ~ technical communication
or a. minus
results in this semester will only come out on the 30th
maybe i will pack mac
you have to pack mac home
in this way, you just go to the mac in your house to eat.
now mac
there is no monopoly, it's not fun
i think quite normal
you know junior has one
that taste is the same as the o. r. fillet burger of k.
his size is twice as large and but then really tastes like is the aame
by the way, do you have join interschool games?
i don't have a job which games, you have join
my volleyball’s manager sign, i up for
he can sign you up
tell me to give him my particulars
probably around there
he said he told us to go to gain experience
will you be beface inter -government
if you go to the internet
but the internet
what kind of school
it seems like likes engineering school
we are re ~ repressent computer engine and computer science school of computer engineering
my thanager's res ~ register, i am also a computer science
i'm not big, i don’t know much, not very much
what will you tomorrow do
these few days in hall not much people around also
chunan has been hall
i know they have to play squash, but i don’t understand when they come back
is it squash or tennis
for today's chunlan, there is a watet with a tennis together
play very late you know too play all those computer games
i want to sleep at twelve o'clock every day. at 7:00 in the morning wake up
it is easy to do very difficult.
but our next sem modules
it seems that there will be 8:30 for a day or two, lecture so can’t run away
maybe don't take so much module
but that plan is
i plan to three and a half years
that should be those parentize things
no lab
do you think i can be finish my website tomorrow
i think i have been to w. s.
but w. s. s. he gave you a lot
but my w. s. c. they
just give me two c. d. of photos
but they want that kind of square square design
he wants vibrant and lively but
it looks like very formalal again
there are a lot of demand
but his logo is already the kind of curly curly.
haveing headache man late
frankly speaking, i think sleeping is a waste of time
is it because poly has no join, so there will be that urge to join
i also feel that there are too many miss out when i poly
by the way, you are about to be here.
do you want organise next week
an outin
who who is outing for
then you will feel almost like exam
still take the shuttle bus
i go to south spine collection, my assignment then, come back again
package mcdonald then back to hall to wash clothes
anyway, you want distress from your website making
no, but when you take the exam, you are not enjoying
now holidays does something, no matter what you do, you are in enjoy
will you play any musical instrument
i will play a little guitar and a little bit of piano and there is still a little piano
why don't you control
because at that time i was in middle school.
have you ever learned those musical instrument?
i have no musical instrument.
i am boys brigade
enough you are busy with a lot of camp
with activities
participate in drama society
and library
it's almost time for him to be here.
i think we should talk more
the recent weather very hard to predict suddenly rain suddenly shine at once shine
is there any way to live
sometimes i will haang it in my room then i used with fan
except for standard-chartered
maybe sell during day or chinese new year goodies
why n. t.
because they do not have a provide enough funds for.
there is not enough for confirm
you know h. a. b.
so much money for what
they have to use fish-and-co for that event
please go to fish-ad-co
you have go where where did you go this morning this morning
you don't know where you go this morning
i can't remember anymore
you go to school what time
twelve thirty at 12:30
11 o'clock so eley
to where did you go
i go directly to the caroling room
that caroling
i am at caroling*, but i want you to tell me what to we well doing
don't have the same time okay
what is your favorite fruit
my favourite food
my food i like banana
why banana
you can put that seafood in chicken
it seems like that ginseng chicken, you put it in that chicken
that okay i haven't tried
what else is there?
i like any any kind i also like
i like to watch hong-kong drama
i don’t understand its name and title
i like hong-kong drama
i don't know that title, but you like to watch
i am occasionally like sit download in front of the t. v. and.
i am i watch everything.
that kind of japanese
that's not very exciting
i thought boys like exciting's movie
some people like this, but i do n’t i really like this kind of movie
then r. a.
i can’t talk about it since i was a child because i am still young, so this metaphor is not very good.
isn't it illegal because r. a. isn't it 21 years old or not
then you now still got still still do all those kind of thing
that is to say, when you are free
you can demonstrate like maybe one phrase
didn’t you say you can sing that caroling?
i have me to i i i i know for caroling and i
for example, what kind of christmas carol
have you ever written your own christmas carol?
i don't have to go to australia recently
talk about australia
i go to perth
because my boyfriend is in perth, i go to see him
whether he was studying or workmanship or work in australia or in australia
he is reading but now he has holiday
it's not me, other people sponsor
other people's sponsor is a ticket bought by others.
no one is my own pump petrol
you pump petrol yourself, then you
where is your pump petrol money?
i go to a small office workmanship
because you are not a very wonderful job
isn't it in finance's company?
you are not just like count money and just talk to
you can you can get a lot of banks.
that is, they do special jobs
those investment banks are famous for goldman-sachs j. morgan-stanley credit suisse deutch-bank-bank-bank-bank-ban. ks that are popular
why do you like to do this investment banking, you are not in the ing field
to them, they different education backgrounds they take from a lot of different education backgrounds and it is not really related to what you studied anyway before. use for example if you are in business school and you study finance so you can have a lot of exposure to financebut it is propably not as in depth or you can learn something when you start working in this bank, so they really really get people in many places
it seems that some of my friends are study liberal art
they also enter these banks because they need a lot of different kind of people to work yup
you have to have this interest and you must love money
and these tasks are very hard. although a lot of money, em it is really really hard work because i mean it is not uncommon for you to put in a hundred hours of working hours in a week as if you are like you.
what will your future future plans lke look like
do you want to get married?
this is i feel very comfortable
because i seem to have a hundred hours of work for a week, you just have no time to do other things outside. you have a family. it is difficult to have a family.would like to go to the buy size instead of joining the investment banks that to work this crazy house
so now you are planning to like just have this as a temporary job for now until you can find a more comfortable to you
do you want to go to that big four?
i have no interest in this line because i am a very much like i need thing to be exp). i like something
there are fewer money for work, and you have upgraded this chances oppoponities.
they mean that the job is actual not very hardness i mean it is just they claim that you hardly used you just read it just sounds like you have to be will ing to put in that kind of hours that kind of time that kind ofenergy then it is yeah which is a game why i i i hold not to have some
that's not comparing the like more excition, because you can like you know meet new people and stuff like that you can talk
actually i don't have any exposure because i am now i am not reading actuarial science
yes okay
so now your internship is also looking to all the investment banks
it is like for example. if that company
not only the global banking, they are also doing these sales and trading because they take on position on their own on their own
this is the skill of practical
go you can start up your own business and you get your own obcountancy skills you will be much better you
so he cannot be chaotic you know just spend a lot on me and then then the my remaining siblings event.
it's just three times but sponsored also not sponsored by my family what
but
i met when i was secondary school
you are the same class or just meet up like meet like uh this kind of
one day one day i will be famous so
president is not
president is not the prime minister
uh, it is actually a long time like maybe about
i am twenty twenty years twenty years old
i like to eat delicious places. i am lazy.
i don't know extension
is it a new place? hokkien mee
is there any delicious one or you are just going to those venpensive places like demed to eat
this is the #sushi-tei #of this raffles-code
although their order is the same thing, it is the same thing
so it is like the standard is about there all the time
uh i know as in, i don’t have a budget so
i just see if there is any deliciousness. if i ambe one day i am freeing rich i can bring them to an expensive places if i can just bring the hawker center
you maybe i
uh, it seems to be north-bride road
is it north-bridge road?
ukay, i actually forget what the place is the name of that place
they have a restaurant called islamic
why don't you like pumpkin
do you like that soup soup pumpkin soup
tang no, i don’t like it because my mother is cooked every time i hate it
if you have a problem, you don’t like pumpkin soup like this
can't we want record
you just don't want to tell me yes
right because you can make you know kill me or something just yeah
i've been to me, i'm going there to watch my shoes over there, because i when i was in
i have never heard it is basical about a shoes that are not they impose a particulating contour to file. helps to make your feet walk likesame
it's not different, he is just very thin, right and thin, so when you walk, he will not have because you like lookay at your shoe now
in fact, because you wear shoes, your feet are flat on the panel. some people are some of them. ey do is just propquad you from cutsall
isn't you usually you know wear off?
breaking and wear off like you know your normal soles will wear office
is it better?
that's the most knee for you
so that sh ~ that thing you talked to me is like a sole or like a pair of shoes
they have different styles, but their central design is all the expression
i didn't buy because i was doing a marketing project for my for my school
turn off what what do you mean as in so what
in fact
for me, i have heard i have read on the internet in the news before
it seems like like some
girls are like in europe in in countries where you have your all foresons you have your summer and your winter the two expect in where in in sum ~ during summer they wear heels all the times because is
walking around, they passed this summer right
go in winter when they go into into winter.
those who have high heels, they may stay at home for a long time or not, so many things, not wearing heels, so they are not so high. i think boots you
your sole can try a little bit
i think the most favorable for you to your feet is you imagine yourself walking with
so i think it is the most natural to be the most favorable to your feet
cover the body of the cover your body what
some of the guys clothes over there are pretty good
for why you ask*
fifty to 100 yuan maybe you can trying it online
without me, i like to go to those shops to try like because i think your boy buys clothes just wants to fit. it doesn't matter how it looks good. if it doesn't fit, if you look good, you will be i think it is it is i rather this spent time outsidein the shop to shop itset and try it out i mean some some designs really of the page but just looks so good togo outside and buy rather than buy online
they have a lot of like size eight
uh, last time i bought i think about twenty to thirty dollars
pretty pretty exciting
how much does you make one by you one by one?
i have a holiday
uh, i don't have c. p. f.
uh it is very different becaue every time then i want me to go to you know when the different jobs and stuff like that so i am just
uh, they make stickers
they also do and if not normal stickers like you see on the boxes there they also do that
ukay maybe mostly during on saturday sunday
are you a only child?
is it okay
then you should be very close
why do you say very close
because your age gap is quite close
nineteen years old should be out of the rebellious
i don't know this i am not very much but
well, how many churstmas party christmas parties are
what is that budget
i haven't bought maybe i am not i make it also
just make it on that day then
is it like what are we going to do?
it should be more than twenty people who come to thirty. i don’t know how to ask violet or
i don't have r. s. p. p.
i know but is not r. p.
it's song violet
do you have a big christmas time?
it is gathering just everyone come together
if you want it, you can help you with arrange
do we have to drink and eat turkey?
drink eat turkey
you are not that host
it's but, i get closer to that time.
anyway, i am not me, i not the one organizing
uh it used to be like a few cents, so now it it is increase so but i think for the question that you get it is quite word it because their paper bags are really delicious
it's close to what clementi
we are not in n. u. s. we are in n. t. u.
i have social culture
i do that make up
who is in make up
some i forget what their name is because we rarely meet
and i think
you have to do props
you are light sound music
there is softball
i don’t know how to talk about one hour. seriously i have so much thing to say
i don’t understand him, he does not have join hall activities so i don’t understand if you know him
i don’t understand why i join them
every time i like
their row is very noisy and happy
because i used to read econs then, i have to understand shiqi
i haven't seen xiumin for a long time
she is not going to live in hall
i remember talking to her, i think she is very good but i know where i saw her
he is j.c.
i think you are quite okay every time you go out together
our block people
seeing that there seems to be people who see mostly, people who come to block
all of our block people
for garen zhao jin
there are many pause
our christmas, my christmas i spend with them i think the spend with the elements
i know but i'm not there
because i have me to pulau-ubin got church camp
i don't understand okay my family is buddhist but then i am a very free thinker person
just go to chapel then get all the service
because i enter normal school
he is not ask for your religion
because it is follow family one right
you your who family is christian
i am from young to me
sunshine presbyterian is at choa-chu-kang but ours like, a very small we rent the place only
some people will have conflict
because too many people have all different groups of people
12 o'clock but this morning, because i lived at home morning at home yesterday
it seems to be know sledom
i forget what the name the other one is
his sister right but they are not twins right
my i i never see shapng
you have all day, stay hall
just at the start we will try to zero in is aim for bull eye
you know check in
it is because when you start the game right you must check in first then you can start the game if you have been lost and you ca n’t lose check in right then. you must not use minus points.
i don't understand that i wanted join i. h. g. then then after that they said it
wait a look at four thirty like that
also okay because we only have one project like you understand the communication skills
we are tech comm we we our effective commit. we have like
what is the name? i don’t need time anymore
very good you know for my course right if you want to be exempted from the modules rayt at least the three ass
that specially for your course one right
i'm going to check
i don’t understand but, i know that they said that they can only take time. they are easy to score.
it's hard to distribute the jobs right
because there are too many people, i did not go in at that time, there was no m. e.
because like some actually, i rarely mix chinese with english my mum really like it
without me to talk about chinese
no one speaks chinese without its like zero
you will like what to eat today, then they look at you then they
i understand j. c.
because like what my friend said in n. u. s. now then then she came to n. u. then she would be very #cheena #
there are the seniors all are mostly the seniors in chinese
he asked me what you are like like speak english.
i go again with saturday
still you are in yanqin that size
i'm on the side of ze don
my overslept ten plus got up and shit
i don’t understand because my overslept but is okay yishun.
i take nine six five eighty five how how long
mine seems to be around that
really i think next,
i forgot about eighty-five
going down from woodlands
it's delicious, your one is the sembawang road that size one
that mcdonald go over there again
it's so delicious but for you very near
from six hundred plus
because my house, my flat here is too much, a flat then, yishun j. c.
all of all are from
i remember that i could get up at seven o'clock before 7 o'clock
take near khatib
each time actually i know him before hall
no wonder you close like this
then weijie is the assistant so of xinyi again.
又 weirong weihe xinyi j. c. r. c. then some more they same orientation group
my block, i don't understand their senior
many seniors right
only those who seem to be sharah
i don't understand like third floor and fours floor.
you can see it every time for me, you can see it
because i don't have a close that binds every time
our yeah i also understand that second floor is very happy every time
your side is also a lot of right
your o. g.
who else is there joy nancy
a few of them are okay
they rarely eat support, only i and edwin each time
hungry because actually at home i also a very supper person i will eat like i will be hungry then i will eat things at night one
i don’t understand that they but sometimes they ask me to go to the supper end up. i also drink water over there and speak to them. i don’t eat it either.
they are not running at the room of siqi just running to t. v. room
i am cooperation so, okay, i have nothing to do yet
they talk about its like update on going to happen for the rest of the academic year
just like what are the events
just all the sub com gather
with our group, we are like
they are like one girl one guy when they get pairing
can't like everybody # chiong # to one size and which is very dangerous
it just doesn't look like this taunting
i really saw that stairs, i sad, then can you image zhengyan
he didn't know how many times becaue was a.
because they are going to put the candle then at first on the prepare then down and put candle
because wind too
at that time you talked about the nanyang house
we are before that day right we like one who day never sleep
is one o. g. one chalet
you see j. c. r.
little like what jing-lun
i don’t understand but but not everyone can do it
there are stays
it seems that i do nothing at roomie
nut very active in hall but because
she is very busy very busy for school
how do i think i took single room if not
don't like, i feel weird
i don't want to be like this
if i do not live, i wouldn't live
because my next year i think, my roomie should not be able to live
what does it look like i can be repated?
just not really the # jioing # part like
just like
i think it will be very i know. i'm weird
i will like every all the lights close as in not close all the lights off then, and then i will only on table lamp and then they day like xuan you emo you emo.
there is no i just want to have the featured of the night is almedy like very late i need to fin fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast then go to site. otherwise that
this way
i have to lunch time
there should be no you did not talk about your home address
i have forgotten what i have written by application. i don’t have fill in quanhao to help me in
what is your next sem elective take
we want to takective because i only have two elective
because we as in were originally four years then some modules exempted until become three and one a half
less also one sem's school fee which is like what
if you want stay hall then, you have to standy three years
he forgot to have nine
they said that result is pretty good.
no me heard that my friend him outside has helped to do it
because i asked him at that time, because we were not next sem
what modules to take
he will manage time
i don’t understand what will happen to my results?
i can't live in hall
they know that my sem has been playing
what are you join? i am join. this one. this one.
i just played i alream told them.
without me, i am all last minute #chiong #
it's really last minute # chiong # like the day before i have this thing
don't understand bell curve bell curve
sometimes we are also hope for bell curve
just i know, if this sem results is really # suay #
it depends on thirtiety right but they say after nine a. m.
i really don’t know, i just know that it is the thirtiefeth but. i don’t understand a few points.
they are all midnight right
really because too many people have entered the end up like
some people will sleep enough anyway, that one hours that you sleep make a different in your results what
she uses laptop outside
a little unnatural you know
uh, we do some basic like rug
uh, there is no tackle so it is good
so but howver
because i will not not be here unil
is it a train flick, right?
uh, wrong i think still got
it should be not very much about that
i really don't want to check
to me, i think i will hide in the room and know and sleep tomorrow
to me, i think i take the three
what is your target?
i am plan four, but i think is a little bit more difficult to have a little bit, a little bit of three, three, five,
i think for me
to me, i saw me other school, take three point two
i am already afraid of because they used to take a. level a. a. b. a. a. a.
uh zhiyuan, you should know right
read engineering science then
talking over all day
he still takes three point five
no as in he said it is difficult, it is difficult, and it is difficult to get three point five.
i'm afraid i will get two point something, it's really scary
how much is his first sem
if you are not even three point five, it is not #cui #
it's not tightly, i think i took degree to have been happy
this kind of thing is for many you know who i am talking about
no o. c. east and else
uh, just throwing it tomorrow, it's just flicks.
there is no chance to play, we go down, show face
do you think that preliminary has no chance to play, do you think we have a chance to play with our quarter final?
at that time wenkai came out of his sub out
he put it for zhao qi to play with the son, eventually or the sub came out
run him to eric
just say but basically
in the first game, when we are, our lead two is 20
basically, we can go down to play but to play
do you want to hall, then you want hall philify right thenen you gotta do that that
like podcast
why didn't you go out at home and didn't go out and infected the atmosphere of christmas?
uh, a slip road, then we are standing on both sides
uh, when we arrived at the car at twelve o'clock, we took snow spray and sprayed them.
the most funny thing is after that we met with the other groups of friends
is it good and good, have you received any christmas present?
talk about ayan then
it's not a girl, it's okay anymore
men can hang up to turn on size
what is my christmas present to you?
i didn’t say i said she said she wanted her to have, not for you
i don’t understand, we are very similar to fifty one minutes
in fact, we have taught for ten minutes.
this find more time
will spend a lot of time after that eventually, come to listen to us
the clip of our entire clock
listen to our conversation
just now i am i was like
also at least okay
i go to bugis
anyway, initially she was support to be a partner when i event know her
it's hard to do for this do with strangers
the #walao #
he came to tell me that i just like the person who i don't know if i don't know if i don't know me casually
don't know but not know but
but this morning, i also see where you cross the road.
i want to eat breakfast, i want to go to bugis
people you don’t know in hall are lonely.
i don't want stay because no one can talk to you
i think my block's seniors have time
there is also like when they encounter them, they are not good, they ask me if you want to eat it if you want to eat it.
basically, it is impossible for them to walk around and knock on the door. weeyong wants to eat the impossible whereas de-zhan and their block ever.
they will like to eat and walk away. they will # jio # the like
it is also several of them i. v. p.
i saw half that then my friend called me
you can come out, you have motorbike
of course, you go to after that, go there as you go, and go there #sian #
okay
have one
you go there, you see all the people over there are pro # zai #
there are more than 100 okay at least
can't be more than two hundred of more than two hundred
there are different kinds of amateur
he just strike spare
sometimes i am i am like
no think, it's your hand offered
i just want to play tennis
well, i used to have racket then i borrowed my friend then like the two rackets.
hundred and eight, i have seen badminton racket
it's much like taking that housefly swatter to fight like this
because badminton has different rackets that are divided into different grades
you, you, you play suddenly you will feel
actually every gram counts is because you and you
his weight proportion will
of course you have to focus on your head
it's also messy, but at that time i just went to buy racquet and my friend
have adobe
i haven't seen this software
then you can record songs yourself
just buy a guitar
that quality is not so good
guitar that is not easy to play
it's really not easy to play, you want you to want you to want it for shift really want to be
without me just when i just bought it, i only learned online
take a look at video to learn youtube video learning
see video
the entire ten minutes just passed okay four more to go go
by the time like, you whispered to the sound of sound.
maybe you will tell me about your name then afterwards, you talked again
that's natural, the natural. i think, they want to call
you don’t know who your original partner is right, right?
for but then, you don't know him right at all
face, i know what his face grows, who is he but?
how can you communicate?
do you make that communicate, what can be spoken?
just now i think there are some things just now. i think i think
some of okay like naturally jumped over quickly, but
english chinese that english and english
you will like you
i will get used to it, like maybe, what we usually say is like a sentence in english and a chinese text.
are you good today?
we won't talk like this like this like hi hi edwin, hello today
i think we like for like one hours. we go out without saying something.
don't speak at all for the whole maybe this stretch of time
they have live
your manpower is so many end -up earning 800 yuan
you send, you go to do it
my from because by the time two nearly finish alream we just loading the thing up the lorry only
not full stringh we all we only
there are so few okay good enough good enough like this
few eighteen people earn eight hundred and 50 pieces of not that bad
i am not robot
i'm busy, these are like crazy
two sports game
my subcom is different from you
mine is rec and social
i don't think there is no actually k.
both are enough. actually, i don’t understand why i am like this extra
talking about j. c. r. c.
i didn't do anything, uh, to tell the real but
you can buy it, you can buy it
it's pretty good than that you buy the kind of like billabong # wahlay # last time billabong.
didn't buy that kind of rubber slipper's super # cui # real
because like you feel special alreamy
because sometimes you wear becaue it feels good and then it looks good
at least i think i know but the lowetend you get
i am used to it because i used to do the call question before
no because i got it because i was recuit expresses
in this way, you do n’t do i. c. a. if it ’s better, i will do i.
no my choice i am the other day, my work agency then
i don’t understand what i am talking about. i read it for you.
you can then read it to me
in fact, it is deceived and what we are doing is basely we are just before
so we will see that ticket
let's take that ticket, we go to the trace passport
our runner is that the person will take them to the counter staff to us. it is very simple to get them.
right then when looking for a job
you only need to turn up for the activity
sometimes the child is very
every time they ask them to do something right then, they just
don't listen to as in you and those e. m. one's e. m. one they strong get that right
they don't listen to your they only what
back to what you call that
welcome to our space sounds weird well
sentence that kind of things and yah
you want to give him the butan you strangled to death, you are # bobian # really real
my job scope mostly is a newspaper
after turning the newspaper, you just look at like
my boss is like
for him, we can go to lunch bread for two and a half hours
have you ever heard lunch break and went for two and a half hours
just eat without money and money
there will be some but
there will be few buts
my friend, he did n. l. b.
so after his after resign
his boss treat him for
please ask him to eat basically. he talks about it
he also gave him adidas voucher
it turns out what his boss has an intentions
i don’t know when i came from the old aunty
no wonder the kind of young man look for
one hundred dollars, uh, uh, say a hundred yuan voucher yah
that is, he told me all day to accompany me to the adidas shop of adidas's shop adidas.
he bought a baby and a pair of shoe
very yah
wait a while i do not have an end work in june
are you o. c
what are you group from
i know i know but tell you
not united inside
hang out as in together
you during o.
everything is on
lide is your s. c.
if he has him, he wins but. i think the other two s. i. c. i didn't do anything
he is very on i think
both zhihong and amy are nothing
he will be solo but.
feeling we feel very file
i asked me the two s. i.
your s. c. who is zhenpeng zhenpeng right?
where is year four?
he only year two
his like come back from school
it's better than my, my, my s. i.
i can't tell him hi can't
he has a little bit up, i know but i think
i don’t understand. i think i am also a very obvious like every time i am out of ostrocized
it's not that i want to talk
not tight okay
my no but i actually follow them on quite good terms
don't talk about me zurina* is also a # cui # that everyone has disappeared
it's not that there is no the purpose is, there are many things you feel a bit forced
many things so
do difficult
if it is very enthusiastic
i think those is more quiet
will show away from
you don’t know precisly because he is too quiet, so no one knows
when he was in his hall, very active
i won't be active now
you live in thirty -four or think
you at night
no one listened to the scream
because all are foreigner
very sad i think people living in those two blocks are very sad
he was originally my block then somehow i know what happy office send them to another block thirty -four
you are very miserable, our okay
you are at least, kind, you are soap, soap, soap, right?
we lost soap and nothing came
pepper powder pepper oil right
no because of come out you can smart the
the taste of food like you think some food particles inside the bucket
so just wash then after that nothing much my block has nothing to throw soapy water.
that is the cold when the other day initia ~ initiation is not even colder
that full initiation
ultra -cold towards the end
because i didn’t get mud first
my o. g. first of the mud
without but, you must be very cold in mud first
because my scrape off is disgusting because cannot scream off finish
for but then, you feel that that the whole clothes are already sticking to you
that super disgusting towards the end in the morning, and then take off the clothes and you think you think you are imagine
you don’t have fun than us.
my initiation has uh, ride and nelson
they i think, they did not make initiation last year
last year they did not do initiation
so they are funny with us
he is there, there will be
he talks about because i scald abrasion. i'm afraid that abrassion
afraid of abrasion
take another one for nelson to wear nelson to wear outside like superman
my then after that go in and tell me that you two men are very good to play and play. i am miserable and weiming
there are many, many of them are the kind of push up inside the.
you know you understand regina
his sister is also hall six
she just she would be on her, she was standard, she would just
do sit up push up position on top of the guy do push up
his slope then, they talk about regina you stay there you stay there your sister want to sit on you
where is his damn supercruel, where can this be like this
there are also charmaine charmaine not mambo queen
when she was mambo, it was not that master dee then he knew charmaine right
she goes upstairs to jump but then, she is not the buttocks, she has always shake
she is going to call her aunt
always shaking sasha saha, the canvass shasha every all smiled
because i think this kind of thing is like give a chance for
very sad, i think if the girl is really sad in it
the other pair of a pair of nelson and nelson is rachel and nederbon*
one high then and one fat
some of him flying him to new york
he doesn't count as fiere okay.
his roommate nelson deans list
they talk about i heard
no them talks about his list
i don't know if i think he is four
i tell you that there are too many hall six
no me is also very demoralising because you listen to like
many people take very good very good grades
don't ask li-guang please, he is also four point something
i just ask him, i asked him, i told him to tell four
their course hor rarely can be asked by you know who
our actually engine
our dispctvantage is really not difficult to compare
we can only ask people from engine
for many foreigners and i know how we are going to bet the sect seriously
i am very sad i cannot imagine what is going to have to happen tomerrow i just cannit image that i will press in the front of the computer right then i will press there over there
he just said what he just said just now
there is no twelve o'clock twelve midnight
i am also i may want to wait until i get up on the 30th of the 30th.
sleep enough.
i think i think people will bug you
people will come to bug what do you get
i really have to check the phone call tomorrow m. s. n. n.
no some more, your roommate
the same roommate as you will ask you then my roommate i and i can be # bochao # because both of us understand us # cui #
he has count the score for you
there are g. p. a.
wait for my one point some
that is more blur
i don’t understand so far, my friend other schools of even
they talk about junxian, you know right
his worst grade c.
just one by one c. and then that all the others are distinct
he is very cool once a year, he will only take the test next year
really my friend relax my friend super relax’s my friend.
he can come to my hall for two days consecutive
there are no you can care, they do not care about the but the thing is not that big that is not that big
oops, very sad because
because you come here you hold that you can get a four point zero then
because they can’t get their four point five, they will be kicked by four four
for basicaly our just public
the more i have thought, the more nervous you know
because you, you, you, you, you have been thinking about you
i am also like l. l. really
baochi bottom you know
without you, it's hard for you, you can hardly tell yourself deal with it because you know that at that point of
at first it was within your control
belly is already out of your control so, you will like yourself
very helpless because i think we all all all of us
without me, i think we have to have a sem is the first sem is the highest hurdle first.
because you will think i want to know roughly when i set
the usually of this rotten standard is about
you have you around you, you, you tutorial mate ask them
where can you read it and know answer
after they tried them, they came here and they finished the test.
there is no the thing is that they have learn before over there
there are n. n. s. s. kills everything
we n. s. the two -year girl, as in the girl, is also like's lag time half half a year lag time
actually, i was reading. i was reading these things. i was reading these things
these things are true j. c.
without then another thing is, bing rong told me at that time
he said that he can score, he said
our like totally blank in #cui #
what to do, i really don’t know what to do. i think my maths and physisc will #cui #very #cui #
i think my maths are #buang #
i think my maths #cui #
why do you m. c.
i think this year and last time are the to be honest of give away
you have seen past year question
no but i think we have done this time
because he is once you get study right okay
you just swiling
really of case
four minutes and a half of actually
actually, the more you talk about smooth
we have already exhausted many topics
let's talk about like just now. you see that i found that all of them are talking about english until. i tell you about you
in fact, towards the end we are still okay
you see towards the end, we also okay another sensant
no such a way, there is no such right that kind
not tightly our wee
i'm sorry for about it but okay
we try
our try our best
i think of that scenery, i think the sentence was funny just now, those sencence
very weird yah
i used to be study nan-yang junior college nan-year junior college
scientific society science society
if you want if h. s. o. c.
this year is your last year then how come. you have more time this year
how to say uh because my time is because of my time
to n. b. s. right
but they, you, one of you, not to say that you are not reading a lot of things
uh my current elective is already
i have finished reading it. now i am just concentrated in my minor minor in mathematics
all i am just i just read the minor now
i am also never mind you tell me about it later continues
you swim of the sea
i can remember it wrong, she can go to i. v. p.
if it is i. p. there must be
there will be some restrictions, there will be some restriction, right?
if you are i. v. p. player, you are in the basketball court in the basketball court.
if even me, i don't want to treat me as cap player
you have to understand, you have to understand me, i am a hundred babian hall, i am not a hundred basai things else
next year, you want stay in the hall but, you think you can stay in hall
this depends on the current committee. if there is any recommend back, i do n’t ask me to live in hall.
who returned from recomate last year?
if you talk about a person, it is not if you are talking about a committee
really really want to give them one piece of my mind
your conversation is pretty long
do you think i want to convert to this hour, right?
what is deceived hello
if there are something, there are no such simple if is
i don’t know this to ask this c. k. i only know
i didn’t chat i was talking to sponsors
graduate travel definitly
i still have more i have two more year
no i still got
uh, this i i i
not nor if you like it if you like to travel yourself
i also say that you say that becaude i feel that sometimes if you are alone at least you have freedom to go where event you is right?
how to celebrate really nothing much i just stay at home
clothes right
it's about what you have for two zero one zero in 2001
is there any resolution
you can have you say then if have then
think about it, i think i'm really have it, i really don't have a have one
japan japan food japan
vegetable rice what the heck
what happens what happy
that jersey jersey's color is pink
i am becaule i was thinking actually black or this
so which hall do you think will give you those challenges
you can't call him with gang with him
what do you have exmple
one more hour my god this is quite torturous
what else there is then you
the same pretty is still the same as pretty not pretty
who who deron as it the one we know
uh, a woman will definitely take care of family
how to talk about friends, you can be i am saying is when you are talk about getting a girlfriend all the white area are out out out
why do you lose this kind of this kind of thing
my question is almost the same as you
you used to be study in which school
you know what
still j. c. j. c. you understand what
not in tampines
it's bedok reservoir
why do i talk about you start
it should be males singles
we lose the first game of we lost the
it is they change the hall twelve they say good change to
uh the like wow like dazzling
yanzhang in hall twelve
our budget is like this
they just ask us the publicity to help them do it
don't want you to do ask for ask for your help
someone message i michelle
who is it message you
he is very funny.
when he talked about him, when he saw you, he talked about him, she she tell me very clear that
uh, you have come out with the design design
so i can’t do her talk about how about tomorrow okay tomorrow
i receive to a message i am very angry
he is hexis*
he is also dance
he is also my p. and p. head
then castel am i the i. c. for semester two he just nod the head i #bo bian # okay
most are canvassing yeah
let me talk about how okay when do you need it tomorrow is okay
so i just have no choice.
i don’t understand why i research
jurong no yeah jurong is because the venue for the # karang-guni #
jurong really # jurong # is called yulong
xinyi is sitting in your desk so long for collect dust
that's okay
didn't go to save your work
don't slowly connect to later america.
at that time, message
i want to go to american to u. s.
right in the morning, morning fly
it's sunday late night, not is
not night, what the next day alream
he is chief s. i. c.
zikai and the
you and wenkai talk more talk more with wenkai he vry funny one
the reason the only thing thing that i can play with the with then make him then he say
wenkai wenkai very fun
wenkai and castel
i'm afraid of me g. a. shi-
tonight yeah i am also afraid
i have read my i saw mine already
seeing your result
my g. a.
have three
there is three is three
i think it's okay
it's four
it's difficult to be four so
i hope i can have a four
it depends on your subject
my subject is easier to score i know
what country did you go to
you plan to take what specialize ~ zation
uh aerospace has a lot of biometal
reading aerospace
just read aerospace
i eat steamboat
i steamboat had eaten five hours to five house
i ate five hours
you confirm, you have to cook
when i get to twelve a. m.
are you purely steamboat or the fraying the hot plate
no hot plate is really steamboat
steamboat without hot plate
you have five hours of steamboat
i eat in chalet
just yeah
no get one
originally going to the end up oh that during that weekend
give me barbecue and steamboat
forgot never mind, you talk about try to remember what to say
my rocher* have you finished eating
i have not eaten well. i want to build another box
delicious right
i eat because no chalet, my friend also bought chocolate to me, i can help me eat for me
go to play the my mum kep scold scolding me
two i know afternoon then i just found that why outside is noisy
cute, you can trick her, you will cute
i just think she is very cute
no, she has always told me something.
i go to j. b. go to buy something
go to j. p. what to do
you go to shopping
my mummy has always been complain no no no
my bank account has been less than 500 yuan. this month
without me now beating my sister's idea she is taking salary so
i don’t know oh you weew you i want also that what happy
that girls hockey video then.
because zhao qi is downstairs, he is not in the room, i found that garenth is in shiling's room upstairs
i just who is using their room
one month later
he is very good but his mouth is itchy
to talk about your business you are also one kind one
no ka-
no tease them
no tease them
don't tease them
it's not over yet, you go to see that badminton match
i will go to see badminton match, i will continue to see
good -looking they maybe play until four
i don’t understand they start quite late around twelve 12 o'clock
12:30 or something
my table tennis
he hit him very miserable
he has been thrash, he always, he don't give him face that hean
why do you call him like this like this and he is crying like this
he, he has the #pang-kang #of the table tenis
he don't want to watch manga*
go to see sherlockholmes
he has been talking about not very nice very nice
he has been talking about yeah
he has always said that saying then i say i want to watch alream i watch,
too much, too much movie
what is my either to-tomorrow
take a look at mata* 3 d.
i have star-trek i got terminator salvation
slowly watch
infernal armo got
very funny to very funny
he returned then i said he said
he said what you went there to do there to see drama watching drama in cruise
you don't want to fake your roomie
she took her laptop to hockey match to see drama
your roomie
your roomie
my roomie
because of the because not the girls match yet not our hall match yet
what class is okay my chinese #cui #
he is watching drama know what
she has a lot of drama, i yeah watch
she has been saying that i have n’t finished reading it yet. i have n’t finished reading it.
i have no time to sleep without watching drama, you are your own business
he said that if he said that he couldn't get to him, he could be set # chiong # back
oh, you don't have cheer again tonight
but actually have but tonight, there is no i think, no but i want to sleep yes yes yes
meeting, i will plug in earpiece to sleep
you can listen to you, you will be single room next year
it's strange but i need somebody wake me up
it's but is same time
wei jie is in pioneer, what do you want to eat, he packs, uh dinner
do you want chicken wing?
don't want me don't want chickn wing
and vegetable so okay
i didn't eat dinner you know why yesterday
in this way, why you tell you tell hockey that you going in-the you tell in-feeling* you are going to soundball then you tell sound to hold to hold to
i want to see live
eight o'clock right ten
she go over there to see drama, don't talk about it
he has a tray
you want run run
you run, i can't run you
talking about support # tako # match day
yongwei say
i am very angry when i get people said #walau #
very sad
moving you, the elder sister
she will not get addicted, she will suddenly #sian #
i'm fortunately one who day touch it
that drug addict drug
no coach then cog a bit
no efficient
not used to and not comfortable with
zhao qi and yongxiang they partner
i can’t be that my feet are straight. i didn’t kick him like this.
just kick me at right
uh yeah i i i get, i understand, i understand
seeing that my hand has been fine for too long, i didn't go to army. training
funny funny show
you are very moody sometimes
many people say that you are very moody
you cool, don't be a cool, don't act # seh # yes
where do you talk about your handsome come on maybe zheng yuan but #walau #you learned from him #jialat #
did you see him when he hit table tennis
his morning he was black hair in the morning.
no because he took him with feather like this
look at for laughs why i download it i want go movie and watch
i am study in meridian j. c. you
this year you are year one or year two
i am year one what about you
i am this year uh year one at
i am year one at mathematics
i used to participate in o. d. a. c. you
my since secondary one is join
athletic is track-annd-field
now you participate
i participate in the sport sub committee as track manager, and then i still have join
i participated in the recional sub committee and sport sub committee and h. s. o. c.
i am doing rugby manager
it's your school give you one
so you will be p. e. teacher in the future
i may be to be maths teacher in the future
why is funny
i don’t understand because you read maths as in what else can do other than teacher
there are many things such as finance side or research side or many other sides
so after you take your degree, you are ready to go to n. i. e. one year
you intend to take what specialization in year three, you are given one right
you can choose uh sports science or p. e. but usually everyone would choose p. e.
you are also right
because if you choose sports science, you will
very scientific, what you do
i don't like things of scientific
it's the job scope of not like part of that teaching
why do you choose your course
i just chose that either's or as a p. e. teacher so in the end it would be about the a
so if you take that degree then after that, go to n. i. e.
but that sports science and management is difficult to enter
because the first time this year is opened
that spacing like is not much like this
oh not bad not back
do you choose hall six or
the pretty good environment
because very close to go to the place you want to go
very near you walk through hall two is it
you know there is a playground over
there is a playground beside a lake
you go next to canteen one
that's the way, then lead to heritage center
it's very close to how long long
almost ten minutes
what do you think is hall six?
you are choosing or they give it to you
i had a friend before being pulled into the hall six cause hall six as sports hall
uh, i just random mine
originally, i thought if i couldn't get into those two three six
because seven is also good sports
because i know xiao feng, he used to be my track senior
when i was just talking, i always wanted to laugh at especially when you start
why do you always want laugh
those sentences’s structulaing is a little strange that then just talk to to say
fortunately, i am also laughing. i have been laughing. i am very funny. okay but is a bit strange
what do you plan to do next?
the next holiday is the whole month? i know i really know
it should be june's time
because n. i.
we have some money can go travel
what do you want to go
so what did you go to
i am back recently from phuket i know with my
nothing at home, as in the end of the soldiers, there is nothing to do at home
it's not late of this year to enter college
i have always had this kind of feeling
so i go to phuket and then before that
i and my brother i and his friend went to new zealand
new zealand is a very expensive but in new zealand.
because mainly, new zealand is a mountainous area
so the scenery was beautiful. at that time, we went to winter so
that like is not a winter like near near spring
then we have to do sky-diving.
we play everything there, just to play
that's the same as my brother because he last month just weened with my mother with their friends
did not take you to last month too bad
no because my brother o. r. d.
so want to go overseas
twenty -one years old is a very important day
fortunately, my twenty -one years old is just with my friends.
in fact, birthday has no celebrate
you don't have celebrate, why why
not without celebrate
how old is your family
it's immediated family
one or two siblings, a brother, a sister
is it that economics l. s. e.
he read triple e in imperial college
so there is such a different
there is balance
so are you planning to go, you should graduate
graduation yeah should be after graduation
in fact, it is also good to be a teacher because if you go to join some c. c.
because like is now when i was in university
in fact, i am used to not that bad
then my roomie is usually eight a. m.
then i was very happy because when she got up
my next semester wants work harder
actually i think i will fail quite many electives but i passed everything so happy enough
i can't answer the messy answers
so i am very surpried that i passed everything
i take all of my okay mainly b.
it's almost like me i got
then your g. a
i also have b. i have six b.
and yeah i originally thought it would be out of fit, so i am very shocked
do they have mark wrong that papeer
i have none, i haven't turned that book every time
it's not the chaotic they ask very funny questions
that is my elective
my mathematics, i did not read the then and then there are a lot
but my g. a. there are fewer than my friends
but why are you not reading, what are you busy busy with something?
because i last semester
my hall activity is quite a lot
because othello training four hours of go training, four hours plus two hours, i go to school
and i have another c. c. a. and there is also
you do so many sports
without me, i will do a sport that rugby is manager
so you are doing swimming
no need to go to try to play just to play give it a try
and my last semester overload
so it's quite no time
will obediently take rarely electives
my senior said
my course is easy
get exemption because it is a sciences
so if sciences is in your science, you can exempt a lot of things
so i originally exempt nineteen a. u.
then i took 21 a. u. so i can slowly clear elective in the future
your year three is very relax okay
you can graduate early again
yes, you can graduate early
i am very slack, my courts
my last day i last semeter read only about for a week
then thursday has no clock
relaxed
i think plan is good, i don’t have plan, okay
it is all my tutorial is the early part of the week
therefore
well, let's talk
n. i. e.
can be n. e. you can choose but
so my next semester will try too hard to work more
i am also so we must do their best to work hard
you also want to go to overseas
i don't know if my course will have overseas
i only have to listen to because i go here and i am quite blur blur
what kind of people are there?
it's important to go to find out yourself to ask yourself
that's why there is no find out so this is the case
maybe because of my course
in the fourth year, we can choose want f. y. p. or go to i. a.
so only f. y. p. or i. a. it seems that there is no really chance to go overseas exchange
go to play with my friends mainly year two just just go there play for six months come back
it is your grades good enough here, then you can go there as long as you pass, you can do it.
you go to pass so mainly they go there play play then exmly a bit then
then i should have no chance to go to overseas exchange
because the grade is not easy to fill in the gap, because i exempt a lot of disadvantages to pull my g. p. a.
and my friends are the kind of people like four point six seven four point five
and they said that four point six seven four point five
didn’t you have five point zero just now?
everywhere got this kind of clear people one
he break, he took four point one something
because they have many species of projects, then they will like
take extra extra credit, then they will talk
with that prof very good good friend, take a little more then in the end he get four point one
this is the internet
because s m. u. are you watching this kind of?
especially s. u. u. it's the kind of comparison.
why do you think you will not survive you are the kind of not vory vocal or vory you very shy one or what
can be said to be very shy
what do you like to eat food
i am ate everything i anything i can eat and eat it.
yes, what do you have?
if you have nothing to do at home, play game
tennis is volleyball
do you want me to slap? are you
tennis is netball
tennis is the chinese of tennis netball. i don’t know what it is
because the net is net
tennis and net as in yeah but tennis is tennis
i and my friends usually speak chinese mainly but in school i think.
so your two languages also can
i feel that is feel that my both languages is good, but in fact both are very bad.
which one is better in english or chinese
actually, it is difficult for me to judge in my heart i think my chinese is better butle tell me that my english
and told the workers who are also chinese because she doesn’t understand english
but when i was in elementary school, my strength is chinese but was disrupted by my friend when i went to middle school
their english super strong and they will not speak chinese. many people are # ang-moh # faction
what are you reading secondary school
i have no speak in chinese in four years
so my chinese plummeted
because i forget a lot of things meaning
what do you have to play? so what do you like?
i and my listen to both english and chinese songs have but. i used to listen to chinese songs when i was in middle school and middle school
i used to be more empty when i was studying at home.
i think go n. u. you are more isolated from the world
then you how old go back home
it's like army
actually i am also my parents who don't like me like soil to go home when i have time. i have time
because now i. h. g. many is on weekend
i live in that side
gao wen is kovan
then which one do you closer to
my both size is okay
fortunately, the kind of very bad divorce so i okay but now i mainly went to my mother side because it was closer to n. t. u.
uh, i go home sometimes is m. r. t.
but sometimes so sleepy until stands down and sleeps and has been embarrassed to sleep there
so you doxt year will also want stay in hall
if you can, it seems quite difficult. if you want stay back to hall six
you have enugh points
i have a lot of until no more to join alream. in fact
when you are not enough points
actually those people who are j. r. c.
do you want to do very good friends, you are going to go with xiao huat very friends like that good friends then after that next semester.
that's it because of this because of my some friend in her two
they go to hall two then of them is the sports sect now
so they said that he will do the president of hall two next year in sports sect then
nothing nothing, they are just join soccer
they said that the president to pull them the next year back into hall two
in fact, i don’t think it ’s a waste of learning. i’ m going to learn so much.
because the time of that traveleing is really a thing that is a verse that wastes time
that fan, but i don't want to take any more business module because i take a very bad experience
i don't need to have a lot of things like join because i track-ad-field i. v. p.
so i stabilize for hall
help them conduct's coaching is also trailings
i don’t have to know how to prioritise my own time
you i. v. p. those traits and those who field will mix
there are gatherings those they try to
that kind of bond
then you know ferros
i know ferrous* how do you know him
he is my s. p. s. camp s. a.
he used to be hall six
it's not that he wants him just to live a hall
he went there because there was air-con
i know that many people used to be, then went to go to the other hall like
my friend yao tang
why go to other halls
because he was going back to hall six
he comes back and wants to come with his roomie together come back but then. do n’t let his roomie come back
and he has enough scores. he is i. v. p. go i. v. p.
his roomie i. his roomie's go is also very #zai #
it's the captain of the go club, but
i think yao-tang might be squatter or what, so really like let him bring his friend back
but i like the environment
can't live in hall six and can't live in other places
not enough points
it should not be because my points is low until and cannot be low
everyone in earning's points what something if you earn enough as in to her the minimum review
no need to hold the thing about her six
naturally, it is naturally that the boat to the bridgehead may be at most. if you do n’t really get it, you will take m. r. t. or rent a house every day
my parents is a bit a little bit regardless of me
because every time i before, he went abroad
i have back to unless. i have trainings or i am busy
playing game is the same here without electric
i don’t know if i forgot what is talking about okay
i think there is nothing to say about hall's things
it is actually i am also very exclusive to stay hall
i also think i think that hall is very good. i like my room i like the room a lot very much
which block to you
my window is opened, you can see that fields that courts see the track
very close to s. r.
five in s. r. c. so very convenient
it is not easy to enter hall six and random's from random
actually i entered hall six
originally i like hall six because i like the number six
i don't know that hall six is a sports hall
but after i came in, i think their rec is also very strong
each is very internet, this sports hall
but because you seem to be the kind of sports, it is not possible to be rec, so they immediately ask you what sport
yes, there is this reason but like
too over-emphasis on this sports hall
how did you get into sports hall?
they will talk about then. you say what you are participate. they just want to listen to what the sport.
there is that thinking but actually
fortunately, these hall life is
so to me i am
so that's it, then i am okay
what are you block
every time i look at flyer then, just throw it off
because my level those people right
i don't seem to like to speak very much like i will say hello then like
they are locals
uh, not locals many foreigners my level
i don't know the roomie of you
because my block, i don't know the there. i only know those indon ones
then who is your roomie
my roomie is rarely at home, so i have of the i most of the time like
then she goes to sem every day to have a tuition for each of me, so i go home home
i will go home and worship all the morning because i worshiped a little lesson, but she worshiped it at eight o'clock, so she would come back every sunday to take all her things, all her thinking,go home to sleep then monday.
why don't he just directly sunay night just as sleep
the first is that her parents prefer that she goes home to the second not in hall, so is has one more reason. her parents told her to go home
in fact, she has to live in hall because she may be independent, but her parents don’t let her independent
they didn't think of his parents really very inconvenient to travel really really a waste of time
if you take a bus, you waste this time, you won't come back earlier to rest or what is it or what is it?
this i agree
he drive you
she is a teacher.
so she is teacher then, you compare know what is it like bebing a teacher
yes, what she teaches subject
my sister has a period of time to quite often
because she is n. c.
and what are they have a lot of parades
because that bus will take that fast road so very fast
every time i speak, i always have to talk at all times.
i am quite difficult cause me
uh, but you are pretty good when you are talking, because i hear you sometimes put abit of english sometimes when you put a bit of chinese then
it's funny to put in that effort
your chinese talks about pure good. your english complete pure english
in fact, you can have a chinese sensant, an english sensant then alternate
my friend tells like every time i tell me english no every time i speak chinese to me. every time i reply in english
i understand s. a. all such people because my brother also in s. a.
i want adjust, i think he is pretty powerful
so he is very strongly.
he is your brother
what camp as in
it's not that he is r. p. he is super strong
maybe mix with that person
because my brother seems to be a richer person like mix with
it seems that demand's money like
that's why i feel strange like like be the case yeah
our tach cock is pretty long okay, we have not finished talking
you still want to learn anything
no need to talk about these what as in these are just a guidelines for us and if we have nothing to say
yes, because my aunties are christian aunties
because we are still children
send it to those adult troubles
so i received that gift every time when i was a kid, so christmas got a gift with holiday and you can see those lightings.
i am my family celebrate christmas because we are freethinker, so i usually and my friends
i think it is better to write a card than buying gifts because you can buy gifts for yourself. you can buy it yourself
but card is the heart of others, you can't get it
few men will buy card for friends
then when you go to army, you will not like suddenly like
your resolution is in university
read a good book for then you are on army, you will not like to be quilt
you will not be like, you are accurate
i last time reads you talking about poly or i. t. e.
where is secondary school is siglap secondary school
i have previously i study in zhong-hua secondary and then. i go to nan-yang j.
so this year is so you are like
so young oh my god okay
i used to participate in many many c. c. a.
but i got play other sports
then i came to n. u. i only play recional game for hall
why didn't you play sports
because my body spoil already
not injury
there is injury injury many many
but this one the loose joint proplem is the natural thin i also do anything about it because i now fitness has fallen
my previous c. c. a.
the previous c.
now you participate
then there is hall six orientation camp sub committee
then the last one is the sub committee of residential afffairs
which block's thirty -four
i am at block thinking four
i don’t want not going to take any electives
i just fail my econs
i don't have time
you didn't take because you didn't need to take or didn’t expect what to take
because we business first year, we have nine core modules
still need to take because our later must have time to clear
you plan to take what specialization in years
i heard you heard what you have human resource then, you have banking
our specialization is in year two
then we have
there are several we have banking and finance
and human resource management
there are tourism and hospital
and marketing
i don't know what i have elective
what are you?
it should be year two year three's things don’t want to go there before you can talk about it
why do you choose your course
this is a very good question i know
because i should be regarded as because i read the internet from i. t. e.
so naturally i came to uni, i attended the computer
very stupid
at that time, because i was here because i had been here n. t. u. i came in for a year that i came in for a year.
their pay 3 three thousand eight starting
you can make money after you use it, because what i want to read is early childhood
because it is impossible to go back to take a diploma a bit stupid
if you like anything is possible
i am not lighter i am omolready
none
i was originally in mathematical science
yes, mainly is doing maths because
he is so dwelling like me. he told me very few singaporeans in it
too stress
very hard work but eneryone also said
this difficult and one will not so i can
do you think okay never mind
see what kind of specialization
one is pure maths
there are some like cryptography
this info tech also has so you just go into the different area
one is you to do the purely just maths research
the other is you do maths for other research.
almost all research requires mathematician from
it seems like physics bio
they all need something to come to call the mathematician to help them call those things
then you graduate, what do you want to do
it's like after i graduate, i'm going to cook
you think you seem to be a chinese -malaysian ticket, you gonna do
i am going to maldives
i want to go to japan
so grad trip deposits a little more money
next holiday the long holiday we have to come back for orientation camp
there is no way to say what we and they have warned us that we cannot go for too long right
wait a while you haven't talked about the next holiday, what do you want to do?
next hol ~
the next holiday should be catch up with friends
but you see you have gone abroad, i in singapore for the past ten years
my passport has no update yet
now like seven days
you are online and you have to wait for a few days
i used to sit there and wait for the then
i took the number of more than 500 later, you understand that i waited for two or three hours to wait for two or three hours. just to collect my passport for that fat mininges
you won't go to other places go and eat first then come back
it depends on my friend if they really want to go to the i go with them
why is this grievance like this
because singapore too safe
i used to think like this before i like the i likes of live in singapore.
because i think singapore i feel safe
what should i do if i want to take it out when i go to hotel passport?
but there are very few things in singapore small.
you have to know where to go to the you can go picnic also
then you understand our purpose for trip for climb up is what
there are a lot of things you do to do just see you know where to find it or not
you can picnic
that plawning fun
meet me injure, back when rollerblading
i fell so many times, i have not broken i never break any bones before
playing basketball play any sport, i also hit the injured but i never break any bese i drink a lot of milk must be
maybe it may
i really want
i've been to malaysia, i have been to perth, i have been to hong kong, and i don’t have any money.
i'm almost the same thing, i forget which one i go
no i
unlike me, i went to perth
i saw hurricane scared to death to me
good exciting
fortunately, like a few kilometers away from me
very scary
i have been watching why there are many sand tornado over there, they calmly tell me about the tornado hurricane
because we never see before so to us is not very common
they feel common to maybe
and maybe comes here and becomes so small
in the future, you can go to a lot of different places.
see where you are it depends on which unit you attach to
what are you unit
i am an attached to a one who will never go abroad
so sad
what are you blood
no first person a. plus then i wrote a. plus then he said a. b. i just wrote a. b. that's it
no one i reservist, n. s. life i learned a lot of things i go a lot of places
there is such a sad
because my feet are condemn, i can’t say that i throw it around
it sounds nice.
i really throw it away and get out of the buti talente
really you photocopying machine, i can go to repair
because at that time i was called publications branch
suddenly when it stopped, i felt that it was so quiet that the end i was collected.
so it's more like admin
why do you skip out the overseas exce
will you go to overseas exchange?
i will not so so we will be right, we are right
because overseas exchange, you will go there as if you are not familiar with your own life.
poor li de pity
the leather and the wrap and then the cucumber and then put the juice
i do n’t understand that i want a place to try one place is imperial treasure super peking duck restaurant
no fountaiin of wealth suntec
because there is a crystal jade so they are sitting by size
eat if you four people are not so expensive to eat share
you eat your tell me is nice, it's not delicious
because i rarely see they any restaurant that sell peking duck that is really good
it is the yunnan garden but no longer
don’t see the super good man of yunnan garden
i have n’t eaten for a long time, i ’last eaten is like a few years ago
going to beijing for peking duck is a bit stupid
will come out of juice
what do you like to eat food
uh, how do you say pig organ soup
i i like to eat fish yuan soup, i like to drink its soup i like the soup
that is, they do not have wash properly
i don’t understand, i think there is a weird taste that the not so nice
then i don't like to eat berries
because i think there is a lotic taste
you talk like like very weird like that
it seems that i cannot drink i like sugarcane juice
not because of that taste, i cannot eat a lot of different nature sweet
luo han guo luo han guo is the herball tea
because these natural swipeetness i can't stand it, i can drink and then vomit
you can drink it, you can drink that artificial sweetness, you can’t drink natural sweet
as long as it is bitter, i very good at nighting
to guiling cream i need to put honey one
i know and i know how to appreciate but i got high tolerance for bitterness
sweet things i eat better in better
how many chocolate can come?
it seems that you give me bitter gourd here, you will give me chocolate, i will go to eat bitter gourd
it is strange that yeah but maybe is like what you say different people.
okay, what do you have?
eating is a general's food
look at drama to see variety show
otherwise, what is hobbies?
occasionally, then i will do cross-stitch
now there are relatively few because, i am a woman of the older generation
can't you are only two-three
then maybe just a few, the same age as me jamie, eighty -six
i used to want to be in i. t. e. i was the youngest
no these okay for most of the recreational games i can play
most of me can play but
always all can
what game
i la, i did n’t play it. i did n’t play.
i have play with fly for fun
i play j. x. two i have play with canada espada
i have play rappels*
i play r. u. r. o.
the longest one i play is j. x. two
yes, i eat time and then you get tired of the game you.
come d. o. t. a. and counter strike
moreover
when i was omniknight, later they couldn't understand these
i rarely because i asked me what hero was going to travel at that time
i said that i want a very little character who will not die very well
i will go back and wait for a while, but i will go back.
so people can't start you
so it's the hardest to kill you at attack
i don't think i want to be stunned by stun because i have been stun every time i can run.
they have upgrades all day
you, you, you are now is it within blocks or within what
you go to ask ask
i have try to play but not very good
so totally not a sports person until like last year i started working then i realized seems to be
you go home every day to sleep, you didn’t do exercise, much like not healthy then i sign up for gym
if you put sunblock, you will be black. you understand h. s. o.
in the swimming array, you two hours gone
the confirm of you will get hungry must
and because my
i am also breaststroke
those like injured seem
i i, i should not understand your logic
then parallex error my to learn basketball then i told me to help me teach me but like it.
there is nothing without that passion then after that
buying that basketball is also beautiful
what do you like songs or singer
it seems that i my block dance
they jump them and jump sorry sorry
my block jump
they jump sorry sorry
my block jump sorry sorry
my favorite songs are old songs, even you do n’t have maybe you also never hear before one
my favorite song when i was in j. c. i like during that time.
that is the next one
your age is not my age what
all of these are new but new are now now the people right
chinese song without chinese language
what is that is that
because my father has his song
there is no our hall's mass dance
that song is called speedy gonzales
what rose garden
without you talking about a. one
how long is your new new way how long ago
you still want to learn any other thing
i want to learn scuba-diving
then i want to go to snorkeling
what else is i going to snorkeling then?
i want to learn roller-blading but, i'm afraid again
afraid of falling pain, because i injube, my back twice
i played basketball is most famous for hitting but not.
i am now now i can cook chinese western
other basic basics are okay
you can not cook like this, you can fry things and make it taste better
i know but i prefer to use the work and then
because i used to be home econs, i used to be food and nutrition's secondary school
what do you like bake
the delicious and sweet ones are all okay
it's hard for me to have a friend, he is better than hotel, he is better than hotel
really did not sell
no because he is at the only thing he do is bake every day at home
don't feed fatfriend if you harm girlfriend
every day i take later you go home what are you going to do
first thing i first thing going to turn on my oven and heat up
his recipe is also looking outside.
you can buy ready-made's but
yes, it's a simple butt, how do you tell you that you eat that sweet thing, you are in a good mood, i make myself a bit more beautiful.
right or not baking i think it will be more than cooking.
then cooking, you have to watch the fire
and the most troublesome cooking is you have to were after you cook
see you used to it, i have already used to cooking
very good now
just learn cooking
i have learned a lot of things alream so to find a new thing to learn that internet in that it is a bit difficult
i really have before already
i don't like that is why i try
i don't like to watch that kind of i like to watch horror movie
i skip the five meter, i will be to jump alream
quit scary
it turns out that last christmas, how do you celebrate
if you want so long
lazy eat my time rather sleep
for i understand the concept of countdown
i don’t go to the countdown, i don't think i hate crowd
i hate people's crowd
i have been to bugis bugis street before
i am yeah but, i will compare a little ya
no outside is but in hall.
your resolution is not to have any resolution
do you want to do it here for what?
i seem to eat all eat the protein supplement one.
otherwise, like maybe, every meal of you, you eat that kind of high carbo
it's useless, i drink at night, i sleep and drink noodles no effect
drink because of the noodle carbo is not so high
noodles is all carbo wine is all carbo
that kind of high carbo is the kind of pure carbo, you eat and then like
if you really want to gain weight, maybe what you can try
hello, you have told me to eat sugar eat sugar before i sleep
i think sugar after that sticky sticky i like that feeling
i think question nineteen is very stupid
next year you want stay in hall
especially far, i am east to west, you imag
no more than that but for # ang-mo-kio # usually, you will take it up
because it is 40 minutes to jurong-east
then watch the about one hour plus in so
i want one hour plus to two hourses because my home also takes bus to m. r. t. station
very miserable family with sisters or brothers
there is a brother
so your home is boys
there are two briefs in my house
he won't be mother, he is gentle then, my father, just talk about three sons in my family every time
good like that you can be their brother
for but end up, my boyfriend is still my colleag.
women and women pay their interiorsonal relatives every time it is troublesome
you have to go to this event and don't know if you want to go to invite
all call but all call them waiting for them to come, they and awkward then you can't enjoy
where can i say this is a friend? close friends what
look at either that, otherwise don't call them
sometimes there are bad bad blood
for two years but there is no now
why didn’t it fall to the twenty -first so long then?
for the yy say stupid small first love what, he was deceived by him like this
to yeah becaue you know last time i have to be home, go home at 9 o'clock
i have to go home at 9 o'clock every day. imagine. i was a havoc at that time.
it's difficult to say this kind of thing but the but at least i wake up
get up so not so bad
sooner or later for you, cannot take it one
that's last time that the last time it didn't care about him
it's not that he doesn't have time without time. like getting older
there are too many more more lively
our break before i entered the hall around march
it's even after two years she still want to open up to me
i really want to i really hope he is my final stop
i have a guy who guess the turtle.
because he is too young, he is like me.
then i am very sad because i like to eat durian very much
i hope i can follow my other half share my favorite fish
right right, so suddenly like durian then like
sad
he is very similar to the impression of me like those normal boys
men usually they take longer to mature
it's like me every time i was lost by arrow
throwing this garbage and throwing that garbage then because
just then the action all the right right, you see as in
one thousand blocks from
and badminton
originally, there were softball and the cannot cannot very busy of othello
this way yeah
i will annoy i think they will be damn scald of me
for those outside and becaue it is, so they come in the road they speak also like know like what like that some small # ah- line # like that
i don’t understand but my father is in chinese
three hours here and there
two i. h. game and a committee should be enough to stay to stay
it's confirm enough actually because i have jamband also
who is han si
that sirius serious yeah
drum that means his church you church get drums or not
really serious not they say that means he said year two
it was then i push to weiliang
four four
calculate head
count the head but the head is the official points
how much can your distance point?
five -point i know it is like i want to stay holdfully i can
and blue block basement many cats
that grayish is very friendly
fatty greyish does not understand what it wants to do
not jasmine's roomie is vanessa is not in q. p. but. she also has cosplay.
they make their own costume
his make
i think, i can't wear it for a certain break
she teaches you one then, you can't flash alreamy
you choose basketball
clip with the racket and the leg okay
originally in choir seco one seco i was in volleyball
just go there like # zuo-bo # # zuo-bo # then you get free points
do you need help? need to help the i
why did you tell him because many gay
zhongzheng okay
my sunday night i am still in laugness at my roomie zoe. i will tell her that you will have paper i think tomorrow i just wake up earlier to # piah # the being for my passday
fortunately, my friend message, i do
unlike clarence-ag, he went to get m. c. then told that doctor that he had a stomachache that the doctor look at him
i think i think i think three point five
that's a cause at the netball match he was poaring water the
i just like mongolia is a nice place to go to
don't come back as in as in then as in as in, don't take a trin back
and we research online look at the travel
don't waste them just ask me if i want to go to the.
cut the cloth the you fold fold fold for the presentation boards
the accents alsos of those au aussies
very good to help aussies
line in so you know how to make balloon sculptures is very good
i didn't have because like sometimes was in church then i was thinking about you know to coax those children yeah
okay not those advanced one my friend make one what rose in one than i what then i
it is easy for dogs to spend okay rendeer those okay reindeer compare advanced
there are many horn
can you make money, don’t be canvassing?
that kind of basic level like okay like goes to just make the children happy okay but if for for those like street performnnot
do a few hours a day, i earn two hundred pieces of about
a weekend
will there be a lot of the focus of the makeup?
nothing is a uncle of one of my church
he pumping your commission may be twenty per hour
for me that time i only seconds
she told me just to give him a pass c. c. it's enough
that lower sec is better
easy to teach upper sec
i just over there okay okay, you talk about okay okay, i do it
don't be kind of thing
really yeah
it's then you like the like retired teacher
no one will believe you what right
when my time was when my mother, his mother, like every other week, would call me check up on her progress
i want to teach but i scald it will affly my own
madee her sit on a chair then like everybody go in our chapers and approach her then
for the like she wants she to make ace, she wants to reserve to the react correctly
it can be seen that she is very stressed
afraid of his wife everything okay
i don’t understand anything, i have always been okay. i have nothing to say about all she is there.
because he listened to her is like if you want me to freeze there okay i will gladly do it
that point of contract a.
if you yeah
i think like the like need to organize, where is the meet up?
that is very but it is like support to bring one
i don't think it's easy
what is that simple thing, where is not easyy
where is the things with your mouth?
yesterday your driving right
my instructor is very slow
are you private or
i also lesson
i have always been lesson five but
because the previous lesson one and two was like half a year ago
so i just take license
you are minor
you are manual
i manual you
then why is only six lesson
then why is there only six lessons
if you do n’t, i will learn like one or two. i go to v.p.p.* and f.p.p.*. i learn one or two
my hate air condition is poor
so i take a longer time
i still have to learn other things. i still hope that money is doing something else
it's slow, then now
i work in iras inter unk house c.o.g.*
that kind of government
nor is it usually part time job listening to the phone
take a mike and then speak to those auntie
no just said that those aunty would call you why she would be so much why she had so much.
in fact, many friends of not good pay are doing there
why can you like to do the same company together
why can you like friends to do together
otherwise, all the soldiers have just finished uni ~
he is also doing there. he is different from us.
because his friend is in my department then he will come over and go to the toilet together
stupid dead what the-
at that time, when i was learning driving, my job was very boring
it's like-
uh is like a company then, they are like processes, the document is like it is to become softcopy
what document survey form
it depends on who your client is government-we also have government client then and other like a. i. a. a. what fart is
then they will prepare you to have one piece of docume.
not necessarily, maybe that the kind of then after that is going to scan
if you tear off what then, there will be black and black.
otherwise, sometimes those scanner will like dough feeding
that's miserable.
what kind of scanner is that one of us like our home and put one piece or the kind of go through
it's not of course not the kind of go through
not very tedious
if you want rescan, they have that software. fortunately, it can make you rescan, if there is a double feeding
yes, i don’t understand why i can do it for so long
only five per hour
their effience is full of it. i told you in march. i didn't find it before i was in a video game shop to sell video game.
his but then-
their recruits excavated to me and told me to find a job to find a job
they can’t find other people as he like, there will be a lot of people who do it.
because i think others don't want anymore, who will start school and who still want to work
almost like, if your base is like nine pieces, you may give them three pieces of one turn one set
fortunately, there are many part-time. they are used to asking-timers, so it's better
if you want to stop, you want to response
do you want him to call for you?
where is no part-time?
you want to work every year more than thirteen thousand
you ask you if bio is malaysia* learn bio ~
without him, he was not bio. he was originally social-n. t. u. social asked him to then n. u. s. he wanted to enter f. s. s.
he is over there, he is arts, but
but he dare not dare to you know that market is not very large
then he went to bio science, we are bio
i have always been more bio with him
want to read bio
four medicine
now read medicine
that kind of powerful i thought i thought i was thinking m. j. that kind of like
no m.j. where is middle school m.j. is j.c.
ann, i'm still thinking about m. j. before. you talk about middle school
no m.j.
how can you divide it before it is not like
we have a division of arts and science right
without we have that h one h two, you still want to take contrasting, you need
no need, so arts is arts science is science
you now call me to calculate something as in anything that do with logarithm al ~ algebra and other i do
also algebra is fortunately those integrating of those oh my god
my favorite is stairs, ok, the easiest is the easiest
i just carry formula
my statistics i don’t understand. i did n’t go to class. every day, i did n’t go to sleep there.
you wanted to be a teacher, you want to do it
originally i wanted to go to a. d. but market saturated
for melissa, you also need that advertiling
i'm afraid i don't have a job like to come out
the right is because of that reason.
uh, it is impossible. uh, i know i think.
you and m.j. are classmates in the same class
how do i know him random, my good friend is the same in the same class as him.
why don't you believe stupid
oh, so like just random friend then you are a class of class
he does not have c.c.a.
he has that s. c.
of course, their history is longer t ~ c. a.
no history is more common to see if students want to go to initiate them
for us and we now have fencing oh my god so cool
it is strange that every time i graduate, there are many ancient monsters c. c. a.
my middle school, after my graduate, they have cable sking wakeboarding
what kendo
is it japa ~ or korean korean also has this kind of
i don’t understand, i don’t understand, i just understand that there are a lot of cool c.c.a. then
when i used to be in the cultural group of those standard, there were some club and society
i am s. co slack, i don’t know where to go
every time there are school events, we have to run around
no school event, i usually don't go unless i have duty
i have duty to take a picture and i will go to them the new year. i am email i put me duty
i don't have those miss you don't think you don't think m.j. is very #sien #
i think m j is boring every time i want to go to school. i don’t want to go to school. i don’t like my classmates.
i think temasek i went to orientation-
at that time, orientation, i went to see temasek. i just look at the environment oh my god.
there should be but v. j. there should be more
many of my friends because many people think that the victoria victoria will go directly to v.j., so they are not that is not the case
there are people who are populated by dunman-high
what are their dunmen?
those different we are different from their idea
many people go to many victoria
because you ca n’t go v.j., you will go to m.j.
why didn't you go to t. g. g. better than n. g. ok
compare english in a way t.j. cheena at least that it is the stereotype thinking
i don’t want to go to t. g. i will tell you that i will see the environment. i just #sian #
then damn already
i didn't see it, i didn't have save him number
he is all over
it's not that he should change it with sieria
i heard where sieria wants to change me
i will tell heslie to tell heslie that i will not be empty tomorrow
you and you are playing sports.
what do you need to make a lot of brains?
i don’t know if i am annoying that stinky word and ask me to go to subcom.
who told you to lie to him and ask me to do i.h. i don't want to do it
actually i also want abandon q.b.
first finish this q.b.
it's best to have no life term then after that i can relax
my summer midterm is still two cores. i have four cores. his two cores have midterm
you a few of the five module
four module
one is lab and two elective
i don’t understand how my module will come out. how should i have two e-learn ~ as as before before
you don't want to add chinese chinese
very boring
i didn’t choose the point. i didn’t choose
without okay, i went in that intervagew then i just put me to teach the history
why do you do the chinese teacher so weryd
no one wants to be a teacher.
chinese like boring
everyone’s thinking is the kind of old chinese teacher is the kind of old #ah-peh #
neuropathy, not a stereotype
it should be h.o.d or discipline tan wanyu
no one, who is your g.p. teacher
you are not by m.r. audi, who do you know, who is m.r. audi
he is my g.p. teacher is
without him, he is h.o.d.
i do n’t know, but there is a h.o.d, then, he is quite strict, just like him as soon as he comes in.
very beautiful for malay teacher
i found that i have been talking about chinese
stupid
okay, i have to get the time
we started to rely on in both english and chinese
four four four stupid
that clearly told me can not can not laugh
that i like i care
for can not laugh know then
don't laugh at like
my first three month i am in d. p. j. the then after that i have seen his but his classmate.
the two of you seem to see you every time you see him.
no melissa each time in her out world
your roommate is also him a. d.
no envy to entertain but also
he is also reading cool.
why do you think he has that business hate
he reads a. d. m.
why is he so strange that normally people are studying as practical
it is wood and wood.
you have like to pursue a brand brand
anyway, i have my parents' money. then spends it myself
i'm not like him, he is very mul ~ to do
and one more thing
because my friend will go to do
i don't have a car then, i also have a car but their car is not my own. i didn't smoke. i rarely drink.
those who are all the money coming from like i used to smoke before i spent 300 to buy cigarettes a month
three hundred you mean, you draw a pack a day
and this phone is moe subsidize
they give 400 for electronical ites a year
so i have a lot of things, i have something
the sweetness of this kind of thing, you eat you, you bite him, he picked it up and fry it again
there will be a few r.j. students in my class in my class.
he is passion for teaching
and they are really patient for teaching. they are very happy to see children. we are like this.
there is no but the end of the day. you still have a minimum level to reach if there is no passion, i can go to s.i.m.
i can go to try other courta
why don't you go to try
many me and i first year, my try seems to get this course. it seems that i didn't go to try other courta.
it seems that first year a. d. m. they originally told me to go to interview
yes, i want to go to me and i want to have consider a. d. m. but then.
there are no more than 20 works of work pieces of work,
our think may be more like like, you have your own portfolio but at the first thing, i have no
very build* portfolio is easy to build
many of my friends and my friends have two brothers. they all read chinese like minsui
now they are doing banking
want to like normally
all people come out to do business
otherwise it is unless.
no lawyer is actually not every time they come out to fight a lawsuit
they do more things like consuctational
because my sister, she just graduate soon
she is my mother, totally, no matter how i think after secrets, my mother will let me go to death
my sister is her and she is her p.h.d. she took two hundred and seventeen
i am also afraid that i don’t read it because i have a bond.
if by year four screw up is twelve k.
because they pa
therefore, the add is also a lot of money, so you can't read it
for why you didn't live in i thubht n. i. e. hostel different
no one said whether there is n.i.e. is also part of n.t.u.u.
there is no no ame thing one
what do you want to teach secondary
so
they have a lot of different programs
they are very desperate for civil service because no one wants to go to civil servant
i want me to read graduate
you can just try hard
that can also be oh my god
i now in year three can see if they can read it if i read enough # xiong #, but i have give me graduate in board* them year three
in fact, medicine is not much money, unless you are very old as in experience a lot
because you pay a lot
you are only child
what to read medicine
she wants to go to the one who is also legal
i have been playing well, my entire first sem is playing, like, i didn’t do tutorial thenn to sleep in lecture
no type lab code
ppo chaotic double my core no no
why do you do at least in hall, i will still turn around like two a.m. i will go to my notes prepare next day lesson
you have prepara oh my god, i have no
but i sleep late, but i know every day. i know what i want to do tomorrow.
when he finished watching, he told me what to do if oh my god.
this is also the case of first time meet notes
why do you go to lesson and go to sleep and then get up
what is he going to sleep when he goes?
thirty -three people of my lecture
he also one tutorial class class on the like
without our tutorial class seventeen
roar oh my god only the guys
get up and answer questions, i am very #paisei #
the whole will be like go down go back to it original position.
when his girl sleeps, he will like to cover a boy with a boy sleeping.
many but
those teachers also have a lecture that everyone goes in just to run out to play facebook
the other is the larger lecture.
uh, to one or two module
all my lecture can turn on the computer to see facebook so much that no one cares about
my teacher, they talk about more respect to tell us not to turn on the computer
our notes, he has briraded us by bring
he has put online.
it has been seen that a computer is playing facebook
he has helped you print, why do you go yourself
you have to pay back the money, you have less printer yourself
you have to pay back your own print
because our things are all of them n.i.e. those chinese especially course of chinese, because i have two modules that are two, the two are more last minites.all lesson
no because we have new modules
some module is our first year think.
they just have a timeline, they must follow the timeline
they talk about those angmoh teachers
they are like
because of their own education, is it true that they should be compared with i know so they are like this
their own system is very slate
he then, singapore, is very rushing, and soon, they will be slower.
eat a little oh my god, you will have to recorded that fifty sentence
this system is going to don what our bilingual abilities at least poured a glass of water for us
that course switching between chinese and english
no one will use like that kind of thing now
use media files like to use a computer to make music
those i am going to eat subway
don't package it back to okay like packing it, you don’t have time to eat it. do n’t you eat it?
wait for lunch
wait, it's not brunch okay
wait a while, can it be brunch
you are one meal cover all
very sian's meal time totally is also a lunch time in the room. don't come out
you usually, you will come out like this
if you can find something at home, you can go to the kitchen to cook a pack of noodles or what are you going to cook and go downstairs and no one wants to cook.
i originally had to eat supper’s butstal upstairs, i couldn't find anyone to play mahjong
i'm going to buy it, i want to buy horlicks points
where to buy, you know that the horlicks sell ovaltine will not be divided
well, i don’t understand, have i drank ovaltine
you should have eaten his sugar. his packet is the kind of orange color
its sugar is like cream like this
few people drink horlicks now there will still be that sugar there
and i live in hall without a tv.
run around you, just, the door is closed.
i run around every time oh my god
playing mahjong supper
he said that they have to live until year three. they do n’t have year four, where do they have year four
you are talking about zhihao 了 wrong. i know is talking about zhiwei
zhihao okay
without them, they are also in their own world
i have seen anyway qualify, checklist, you can take
play game take tick so # <pt> # tick
how much is your driving one hour
two pieces are actually many if you use the entire everything over.
thirty lesson
and i'm so tired, i think my driver instructor for what, where is 24 yuan?
also private
the school is a less lesson and a lesson is 90 minute.
he has fail twice
you have twice
i have no i have not passed my friend fail twice
they are not as, just, he can't drive. he already has a car waiting for him. just
really seriously
the bad but is also he will not give me the script like this.
no one is like his miss, that period, he has a period, they want them
otherwise, you will be punished
there is no but not to have script* he has been going to be thirteen years and 13 years must be script* some
where is bedok big
i live over temasek poly
but what do you live in that condo
is it just a station?
mingxiu i understand that library over there again
there is nothing there, there is no coffee shop
i don’t go if there is a butle
there is nothing to eat over there, because my friend lives in clear waters.
just eat rubbish
if you have k, you eat k what to eat
cold and dry, but okay, it's better, it's better to eat nothing and i am too lazy to pack it.
i can go back to hall then, my mother can cook it wow haha, what to go back to hall i mean home
because in hall
there is canteen downstairs in lucky. if there is no canteen i think downstairs, i will starve to death if i live in hall seven
i don’t want to take a babes to eat and take bus, who will waste time
they are three hundred dollars like like
this kind of thing is very as in that he is the kind of thing that is very technical.
he can be a headphone two or three hundred
i really think i am quite bad
i said more than you much better
what to talk about i know what to say alream
start on caroling
it should be their make it
because i have cheerleading practice
why do you speak got a very weird accent
because they may not do conversation
for i just just remembered
every time after caroling practice or chio practice
it's as if he has been singing that songs
i think you are also not bad
who is not back
but you guys every time you sing so much lover
because the man may born to have louder voice
you will not sing a little bit in at the correct part
you don't seem to have sing softer
we have tried our best to we try our best
your girl may be sing loveer
it is because there are joanne theres and sarah
say such a sentence when sarah walk into the room
then sarah was imitating him
really
who does he give?
what else do you think do you find anything else any gossips
so take a days, but
the longer practice
it seems to be three hours three hours
but actual caroling session is going to start
it's this sateurdy
but that venue is so near the west
there is an one sembawang
that north is still av north or west
but you hold is very far
now school holiday i want to go home and rest and start at the computer the who day
but home more comfortable
no, it should be that computer school
but sometimes there is the annoying bird keep making noise when early the morning is going to sleep
really i notice it
because you are on the other side of the block
but when during exam time, there will be that noisy bird
sometimes five a. m. plus starts to call or it is six six a. m. plus
because that bird’s cry doesn’t seem like the normal miner’s crying sound like a like
and in hall, very warm
have a fan it in your room
but if open seems to be privacy
i want stay, but hope got enugh points to stay
the seven -point butt
add the five points of q. b.
seems like i. h.
so i only job a recrea ~ game
i'm afraid of not enough to stay on
next semester be more active
also active what is in job g. s. s. s. events then and then seemed nothing to do
i don't want to be cheerleading hear you all practice six house
it is that is why i want to join from the start
but i have thought about whether to be in join because
i heard that got someone withdraw because of knee injury
who is who ~ who is the person
his knee is serious
this is lina tell me
no one tells me no one told me about that
you didn't see it like she is not in the not ~ not participate in your camp
why is it fun you can play chair
when i had been to the practice before
very frightening
also okay, but if you want to do a little more more stunts
because that is at the start just very basic, if join more then there will be more, the stunts or more
seems a bit horrible when
you will lift up
then bring down
the one of your hand to chest level
is two guys lift you up
that is elevator
tenn
listen
where is the dormitory why got so
it should be what i think
many i remember there seems to be an other's small asset woman in hall
otherwise if i say in english, i won't connect to chinese
i like watching and
good -looking is it intertesting
whether they look at drama or moving moving pictures, it feels more interesting.
but i think i think it will be feel very what yes still can feel very moved by the just the black and white piction
how much do you see
a lot of it, i think there is maybe already hundred plus, i don't know
but i am more addict to
also on much slower
then sometimes they change the story a bit
i sometimes see the i watch like naruto. i caught some important details.
that fighting scene just know that, they fighter who won the okay almedy
what happened what happy
i just discoveer that now i only have almost eighteen minutes of speech
it seems not enough to be
i know my school is somewhat a muger school
i think because my class does someone seem to be very studious as the first three months only then
it's as if i asked us to go to library study together
i am also maybe just stoning daydreaming then tutorial never
but after the three months, the classmates
i just feel like this class is dead
it seems to be a bit of the one play a lot one.
you are not hate mugger people
but then then, i also slabs together
without study, it seems that last minute study then i also last minute study
but you can enter the uni is almedy very good
what did you participate in c. c. a.
i am a service learning club and i noticed that, you have been asking me the question so i am just talking right
you find out
not going to outdoors
to i think
also countdoor, but did it with them
so what else is there?
is it the surfing of the ata sea or the hold on to hold on to
that surf
you didn’t play that item in the like reservoir or lake
then you grab the handle then they will put you
it's so good, it's so good, but like this, but i think it's very tiring
buy a try
that kind of fake ball, are you?
st. andrew junior college if you know yeah
because i don’t understand the name of chinese
the first time it will be some get some the words be more chin ~ words then
and every after every
like every every line everyone be like the same pattern
it will not look like the kind of rythen really sounds like very singlish anymore
you at home also speak purely english
yes
because my mother speak chinese, i use english
my dad's two languages can do so i will speak english
my father speaks to my siblings is all in chinese
if you have a got say got speak dialect and chinese
tell my mother to english
mother tongue with them
chinese okay, you speak chinese
chinese is using for speaking chinese
in fact, i know but is i everytime i have to take some time to. remember which one is
we refueling up the good work
my total number may be twenty
my core for next semester is only 14
is physiology a physiological life science
physiology is bio right
it should be you are taking bio, so you know the
you should ask bioscience
what is in chinese?
i know the but i just cannnot remember what is with the science
it seems to be bio physics chem
chemistry should be chemistry
there is also like j. c. poly and i. t.
junior high school junior college j. c.
it's poly
no at first, i am thinking
because like at least got alternative can go into into science incine, otherwise i just do it.
so don't liscen very g. b. like
girls can write very well compared to boys
really i think about but now i know the more of more of the creative writing. i use nice for caps
now is language of very basic english
i also did not read since young, and then the teacher said for g. you must readspaper
because i have to know those current afface, but i still haven't read the same
i was born not born for reading
when you look at study exam
just wait until the like art evening time dinner time is only can study for that few home night
as soon as black's pass twelve will start fell sleep again sometimes
usually if it is a normal school house
five hours of five hours a day for more than you sleep less than
it's almost always sleeping during lectures
i think you sleep a lot in the day
i have slept a lot of but like holiday i can sleep like for twelve house
can't you every time is twelve hours unless it is like
almost ten hours like me
i sleep fells good to be sleeping do nothing
i like to sleep but i feell
it is must be just the support amount like eight hours
but if i everyday sleep six hours i am
too few too little
maybe if if ilep early
maybe it is okay to live at night
it's sleep earlier i guess
many people talk when i just woke up up
but then they don't need to ask so i stop working
he just said okay
don't use that then to give me that pay tomorrow
just start work
is a small company
school is sleep during lessons
the workmanship is also got sleeping one i sleep dream to work no like
there is such a tiring that you need to sleep during working hours
just that
it's like to go home, almost twelve
many a lot
is related to the government is to follow
construction industry and contractors have close relatedship
it seems that contractors wants to build a house, then they need to apply for a certificate, so then i do that kind of paperwork
so it's the subject you read now
sister senior senior
do not know i know who is he
brother no brother and senior guys and senior girls
because he is my what senior attached
so i know he is in triple e.
but i have placed in right in front of my mouth already
my also very close what
already more thann half
that scenery in the movie or that scenery in the movie is pretty good
i heard that that is a good place for honeymoon
i've heard but i know where is it i just heard this name
the two of them are like
and if it seems to see drama i like just starting i will catch it on t. v.
it is the taiwanese drama is the this idol then with the juro* wang i think is the lead guy and the cindy wang. she is the heroine.
peach blossom i i know
uh, it's like the sister of protect
it seems to accompany her if there is a man to chase her then
it's yeah it is follow follow a menga
you can see that you have seen a lot of manga*
uh, i am still in my own fantasy world now
the government has not built executive
that's it. i have become a small room after i already very use to my own, then very big then my god.
never thought about apartment condominium
at that home, the area
too big, too small, you can feel too smart
never thought about migrate to overseas
to live in other countries, like a lot of very troublesome
trouble singapore weather is so scream up
there is snow, but it is very nice, but
i am also very scarded together one what
don't bother stay singapore no thinking of anything
compared to not bad, i think
have a job also better got something to do
but is if doing something i really like so it is a big proplem yeah
being a wife is like
it's a bit like no aim
to i know that it sel the s ~
you ask me why not you just repy ~ reply your same question
don't ask me ask yourrself
to why
you was about ~ about to ask some
almost eight minutes left
you have to say i say so much already
so you give me ideas to ask then i ask you back
do you have any ideal honeymoon
it is said that is for girls only
decide okay
it should be my own dream honeymoon
no fixed place maybe like europ
in europe tour around within like maybe two weeks
because you must not be too long for you to have no money no money
one elder brother, an elder sister
i have a friend during s study work at s work at work
traveling through the europe for maybe one month
i forgot it really, i really forget i really remember
you are muttering what
but wait for him
really really great that
you can start countdown now
is someone in listening on the spot
there is right have right
music
although not everyone can write song that they think that they likes
but pass through personal input and thought
creation seems to be a bit right for this context
creation can be counted as okay
i think we translate damn lousy
but chord progression
i don't know what is chord
just now, sarah and jasmine they said that they did not understand them
what is we all we all ~ as we all talk all the way
you go back to the room just start reading menga*
no go back to sleep actually # siao # because i haven't done my design
those publicity
but need photoshop is also quite difficult
inside the mind, but but need to produce it
can't do then stagnant for very long
last year, few people wants to be s. and p. subce
i really want to find acquaintances to help out, otherwise i really can't find enough people to help
there are also because i seem to have a lot of this year
there is a member quit
really dave
so our canteen five food sometimes is really cannot make it
that chicken rice stall always closed
i like to eat the white chicken meat
i like to eat roast chicken
i like to drink that ice lemon tea
you should try the waterlon juice
i heard that red bull not good for health
do you talk about instead twice
coffee is not very good to the body
how can you be so busy, don't pretend to be busy over there
there are many project to do in our school
this is not so bad at projects as this is not so bad
need a time management
do you think there is improve
unfortunately
who can blame yourself right
this subject is very differently
i agree to the same thing as business school.
for example, as an example marketing
i think human resource management is really is difficult
my friend's subject is easy to score well
because that subject easy
there is no exam to his major
so good i envy him
i sleep very lab every day because i am doing project
our connection is getting more and more dry
almost a little bit of sleep
we should change topic
you like singing
i like singing i think it is very fulfilling
can sing with singing stress is a very good thing
now i still know the proper way of singing
in fact, proper or not proper sings well
i heard that there are many technique to sing
singing instructor, which is very not responsible, teach students randomly for earn money
i think successful singers has been very good for many years.
i hope one day i can be as successful as them
really quit dreaming
it's time to go to market
which topic are you on
you have to run to market
i like go running very late at night
i also like but the reason. why i am at night and runs because really no time is really
run promise a different experience at night
there are few people no one will judge. your dress is still your limb language
i like to run because the air is very cooling at night
i like running at night because no one is
i think i have already made that point
it's not avoidable
we are so hard, talk for ten minutes only
that's the well he make it as a professional singer
i think we should be fully support our friends in their endeavours
of course, but he seems to be compromising
in our lives, all have different limits
i agree with but sometimes i think he is lazy
human are not perfect
very bitter just like the bitter gourd at canteen five
better reminds me of a celebrity kumar’s celebrity kumar
you agree with his lifestyle, his lifestyle
i am also full of support of his actions
because i think he has paid his dues and he really worked hard
if we want the successful in life, we need to pay a price
compacker for this is my motto in life, everything comes at a price
i like to play the piano
in addition to the pressure, there is relieve
i think the practice piano is also a form of publicing discipline
i think you should consider again and again
i think becoming a teacher is very fulfilling
you will organize with children share your experiences
you have girlfriend
i think it's not just sad, he is also very obvious
what plans have you make to get married before the age of 27
where to find business school
better waste, you have been able to find one in 22 years
this recording is a very different excellence
i think you read well just now
it's where
recording studio in professional
i think you have groat potential is very potential
i think the life of a pop star is very bitter
yes, i agree that the life of a artist is not chang jianxin
in fact, many of them are putting on a illont.
i think the stress and the challenge really makes me feel very high
it's i also think, you must not use handle
but we all have our own opinion
opinion of there are right
your opinion happens to be wrong
then i think this is a fine optionunity
come to show me what get
how is this student stunned for you tongue tied
it should be regarded as quite long ago
i think it was quite painful at that time
because the injured person is me
many friends all suffred becaue of it
what is a suffer method
the cost of the hospital
there is no get the reimbursement
i feel i like it
i did not deliberately make difficulties for their but i think they we a little bit too much
suddenly i felt that or just have the feling that
i think everyone in our committee is not bad
i am very celebrating a working committee who is ready to make sacrifice to work
we will go to meeting in five minutes
this meeting is a very important one
that day i saw a very fat lady fat to that fat meat.
really the experience must have ben very scary
yes last night, i was about to use the toilet, i took the toilet seat cover
i have to sit up to the blood in that my utter horror i saw in that toilet
i was shocked. i was in utter shock
you know a lot of music.
once i was bathing suddenly smelled curry's taste, where did also know come from?
i remember when exam
i think a person's generos
to say that it is limit that we crass
we should also full of grace
yes, you will support which friend who has repertedly skipped our committee sessions to pursue a very unrealistic dream to pursue a very unrealistic dream
many people in committee made a lot of sacrifices is to complete this task and he does is bringing the committee morale downn
then do you think what are the possibilities that will abolish him
these sentences we are talking about are all hypothetical one
i think our hall is not far from the school from the school, not too far or far from the need to take bus instead of being close to walk.
i think our hall is actually one of the most convenient halls
it only takes ten minutes to go to school. i am not complaining
because you have a late habit of so obviously you are not complaining
halls, which are far away, can take the buses and it makes economical sense
i think they have to wake up very much earlier is almost the same as we spend time as they are walking.
i like walking to school in the morning
that's your personal preference and logic.
of course
then don't care too much about the important thing in the end when we have workedforce is the we have the required knowledge that allows us to have a good headstart in real life
do you think that what we are learning at school is compared to our working life will be very irrelevant
i think if it is a professional degree, the knowledge learned is usually can be applied to the workforce
i think engineering and accountance is considered to be very specialised degree
before the holiday, i have sent out resumes to different for an internship
before the start of school, i have already secured a job
if i can have a schoolhip, it will be very helpful for my future career
i can understand what you are talking about because i just have a schoolship
go to the beach to run why is that such a novelty
running the air is much fresher there.
i think there is a very nice site on the beach
i also think i love sucking in the fumes from the cargo ships
without this necessary running along the shoreline
then your definition of running on the beach
i think you are not very solid
i hope you can add it in the new near future
what do you like to eat lunchtime is coming up
i have quite sometime had fon food, nor is it because i am bebing health conscious just can't find a chance
we should be avoid fast food
we should all should be a healthy lifestyle
yes] but sometimes fast food can be a means of immediated gratoryation
let us satisfy our guilty pleases
i put on a lot of weight during the exam
i think that is the unavoidable weight gain during examinations or stressful periods is unavoidable
of course, after the exam, then we need to pay attentation to our diet habits so that our body has time to regulating.
now i am thinking of running more often
don't look at my strong figure i worked hard for it
last week i was running.
how can you be it getting any better i sure hope not
when i was running, i sprained my ankle i fell down and it was very embarrassing
the shame is that when a group of girls were running, fall down
do you think you are very fit
i think i compare with most common people
because recession i am buying less meat
vegetable cheaper
just now there is a gust of wind, come by blow you away
is it a chance to shower this morning?
many people buy things very inconvenient
do you not be online shopping, what age does you have to country bumpkin
many people think the season of christmas is a season of love
then unknowingly have a fantasy that during christmas i must spend it with something
i don't think we should buy into commercialism
it's we have caroling
the new year is about to reach the have you bough any new clothes
if there is empty, i will be online shop if i need to
i think the model can save not too bad an alternative
just because some subjects in business school let us learn the online shopping is actually is growing to be very popular
you online shop
my neighbors have a lot of dog it is very noisy at home
my room in the dormitory right next to the road
you have have diffical sleeping at night
i thought i was getting used to it unant when i moved home during the exam.
at the beginning of hypothesise that that, the noisy environment in the dormitory made me not sleep so nowadays ilep with earplugs on
you are really hard to support you
during the exam, supper was a necessity, but now i start to pay attention to my diet life again
so the number of supper is healthy and the number
feel how how was it
first of all
you are not surprised you in shock
i think some performances are ticket peo too too expensive alream i cannit afford
it's really a lot
have you dreamed of becoming a famous celebrity
recently the frequency of rain seems to be increasing day by day
we have a meeting at 12 o'clock every day
i think not everybody does that
sometimes we need manage our extensions
suddenly cold and hot recently
you usually like watch movie
recently, there are many good movies. but i had the time to watch any
i always feel that these movie makers like to show many very good movies but in the period of christmas holidays.
in fact, i have a lot of time to watch a movie i have ben watching quite a feet my set
that's because your test is end earlier than me
when i hate the exam most, i am the last one to end my exams
then you can rest assured i will definitly go to your room and laugh at you
some people find a conversation a very difficult thing
i think this time is a bit unnatural
we pay attention to speak good english or speak chinese well
but i think this research is really fun
i really want to know what the result of research
this is the first time i have come to emerging research lab
i thought e. r. stands for emergency response
do you want to eat fast food when lunchtime
i think we should be here
your two eyes keep staring at the timeer
i have a friend who finds holding conversation very diffical
when she needs one hour to talk about this
my favorite color is violet
i think violet is a very nice color
usually not very expressive
i think your voice is rusty every time
i don't know how to do reopen
the first week should be can want what
you can ask but-
i don't want the i have to bring-i have to drive to school and move the table
who does he borrow the they the yyey say got one floating table around
ask marvin
half-ins-allthing is that suit there may be some-like those big names.
he has played money. lose like crazy
you see the okay-
one hair and two hair okay then is the most at most
one hairy, two hair, four hair, four hair, and six hair, six pieces, six, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two.
to be first first
be sure to want what
you see, if you see caroling until the evening of say
for so i now have to go buy
go to lab for two or three hours
two a. u.
two a. u. for three hours
a yet
i am looking for two butd
you ask linda lina lina
i don’t understand that means what
i don't know the think of it yet year two year two thin think
he is business
what is he engineering
i turned on the computer to play game and play until ten minutes, then you are still talking about
i have listened there and have always been inforing you do this, do mo to do this you know
where is anyone in the say will be until?
do not sleep or something like that but i was thinking i know after this i am just going to drive back
no time you take to grade a few oh you get digloma right
it's really stun's sit over there.
i'm there, you don’t talk about sight read, do n’t sing for me
i don’t understand every time i talk to those guys.
i want to save at least ten months
temporarily have not encountered the yet but i guess that is because i guess i am lucky
every time they look at those teachers of those tuition center
what do you teach tell me you teach chinese
now almost five clock already
drag the drag no actually only food of us
you see if there are band the whole big group right, you can start with a few people.
he returned from the uk he study music
you rarely see my sunday at home
really you play wrong note then just carry on
it's my unless i push it to timothy
i see you singing there and singing over there, there are always eyes
after doing it, i did then just enjoy
it's not an idiot without an idiot or a dumb. okay is over there
i'm going to find someone to borrow this
pick up the friend that know what she told for one day then
you won't feel that like to like
you, you said you see him every day at reading reading room
you can speak m. b. s. reading room very noisy
i know, i know, i ask me mother mother, do you have that karake cut the karake and cut the video and soundtrack so that in that, the must be good quality you know must be
their who album that song only that song listened to a few times a few good times.
do you do oh then everything pack up alream then, you don’t need to see them
he should not get i think he be as stressed as you always
he is the kind of hahahahhhhhhhhhh
is the piano play as long as we can sing with the melody?
as long as the choir understands what he is playing
but always are in
when i didn't come, when i heard it, he had finished talking.
i am a band myself, band is the true own world's real
i am pes a
i am combat fit
my entire batch intake
they will not pour us over there, it is okay 嗮 very strange
the strange butle
it's really sian's you know sometimes
you know every time christmas time i go to orchard road
people over there, i don't care about it, i continue to walk over there
i don't care about it, we will not care
to talk about chinese also
uh, look at if they let me stay then i will stay if not not # bobian # also right
very good keep with the good job
will discriminate against those second intake
he talks about if you are not internet
he got married right
and to both chinese and english in the same
i know i am trying alreamy
it's because your dad's relationship is you like to talk
how to travel
i can bear more again with right again
otherwise it is the other end of the spectrum when they are autistic and they everly talk
people who are reading my subjects are no life
when i came back, it was s. y. f.
frequent you know
your your partner
do you think our freshies how they doing this year
really why
from the beginning, triple d has been a few thousand yuan more than three thousand yuan
that senior is joanne
because last year before exams, they will
i am dissatisfied with joanne i think he he can feel it
she is her sponsorship do properly she go overseas
that pansy or joanne
she tells you right
she joanne tells you what i thinkght
it's constractor's not given a good price.
and make up
it doesn't use our after this year to become abandoned
without us to participate in that pour water comm
it is good committee
if you go out and go shopping, then we will be so we will be in packets of three or fourh really comfortable with that
very different cause
if he didn't go, my my anger will be definitly no
when you want to see h] comfortable or not
what do you plan to do next?
if the organic meeting i want to go overseas with close friends
i think it's easy to play that my ambit
before you die
you have never been to you know happening what obviously they always to take the most beautiful to show you
there is no way to tell me the inside there
riding a car to changei v. and have a good meal
what resolutions for two zero one zero
celebrate by singing
really is it like mio t. v. or channel food channel eight kind of t. v.
you can go to mio t. v. then.
what is make
you are talking about your father side
you used to be study in what school
what did you participate in c.c.a.
now you participate in what community
you also want to learn any other thing ppl
want to learn any other thing ah
learn new things i am almedy doing piano alreamy
it was when i had all the equipment with me and then i was down really
i ask you, you are study in which school
i used to be study in gan english
not this woo primary school
i'm sorry for my school is secondary school or gan english
i am elementary be paya-lebar-amthodist
so when you are without handsome boys to lookay at
right, just in opposite
what is you living?
i live in bukit road
near harbour front and mount faber area
it's not far away, approach outram m. r. t.
to those m. r. t. five minutes soon
you used to participate in what c. c. a.
i was played in elementary school i was playing badminton
in the past, when my c. a. a. a. a. club was in primary school. i just participated in a. v. a. club
without our a. v. a. club was prepare microphone for principal every morning
and help them to play that national anthem and school song
except for those sometimes at the backstage hor, help them set up that sound system
now you participate
very busy right
now q. p. very busy
i haven't started yet because the script is not ever yet yet, so i can’t do that q. sheet or what
we also have to rely on that scripts to be our things
we are now looking for contractor to make our sets and props
we should not do our own profs all bought all our profs should be broght or in the storyeroom
then we have to find canvas company professional stage backdrop printing company in a canvas this year
because now they are struggling with the composition
you have go and read the script or not
we s. and p. we have not received that the final script the lassest script whothy is support to send
i asked sarah then she showed me the act one scene one script then she said she told me she said a lot of inside
so there are eighteen a. u.s
now max a. u. don't go to apply overload meh
because next sem also has q. p.
it's also very busy, okay, then you plan to take special sem
because i am afraid that overload is also cannot handle
at that time, yah during the holidays probably you can clear art six a. u. s.
we went to take that special sem
so there should be not easier to get those slots l
oh so is almost difficult
you plan to take what specialisation in year three
mine has no specialisization because mine is civil engineering
you are you now double degree
so i think that because i want to choose tourism, but tourism is just choosing thirty people, so it is difficult to enter @ 所以 所以
what do you want?
i don't know if the apply then has interview
it should be that apply should have interview
it must be difficult to enter the interview of the then.
how do they get the experience of hotel hotel industry, they are not a student part time, then you
it seems that part time part time like waitress
then your sister is hotel industry
take some attachment
you can do some attachment one mone mone two month that kind
why do you choose your course
so i also choose double degree because i do n’t know if i want to choose accounting or busines
i'm thinking about work in the big four one of them
she has the accept of filipino
what does not then teach him?
i have to teach her how to talk about filipino accent, but he teach and teach that it seems to become india accent
so when you are graduate
do you want to do civil engineering?
it should be a civil engineer l to help those government's company h. d. b.
but i also consider working for private companies becaue you get more pair probably
what do you plan to do next?
i want i want study and to play with friends.
graduation trip is graduation as in go on a holiday with your friend you you graduate i think
there is nothing good to see, but the delicious one is delicious, but in fact, there are very few their variety
it's strange right
we are the classmates of the middle school we were in the same class for three years in secondary school
i should not go because of i feel that it will be a disten
but very expensive and expensive i know when the like they give grants or not like
because be there for one sem only max
i don't know if depending on which national you choose cape like i know u. k. k. is more expensive than alreamy.
take you to disneyland, but you don’t remember then be like so #sian #
for the furthest furthest will be like what thailand the like
wait a long time i think maybe up to be to.
haven't setting for my time table to be final,
don’t like peanut no but not that i like it
many people say that i am an indian and it only started when i came into n. u.
once we fought the inter block game that hockey, and then there was a new friend who made a new friend is an its a girl
some people say that my eyebrows is my side berns because most chidese grow side burns pat
do you think eh how do you feel about, your sister is so much older than you
i recognize all little sisters are irritating evend mine
my birthday is today
i really don’t know that i really don’t know why
i really don't know a coincident
mine is just after eh, it's not just a third of november
they also have times-square-berjaya their bigget shopping mall
maybe you may bite others, but they will get used to your taste your taste your feel your feel cos hamsters have poor eyesight so how they how the recography is by skylling.
you usually see a lot of ant also
your friend is coming to should be to what
actually because i think it is more convenient
it should be four or five for me should be five
it should be but be there not be a lot of exchange studers day to y. o. g. g.
do you do nothing like hello hello hello hello
do you do my like that sound firecene will be like this weryd
don't need normal
so what you are like me, let me take a look
you don’t know if i don’t want to read this, but i can’t be without
you used to participate in what c. c. a.
you are c. c. a. less right
no got c. c. a. one okay
i used to be in n. y.
because it is a club of the most slad in n. y.
i want to take a. d. m.
but you also want to get camp
my camp gets in as in this
i already have two good elective. i can't take the third one
but you are like camp to many a. d. m. elective
i can not only choose two what then, you can’t ask me to take the entire right okay
wait for okay what are you going to take what are spectors in year three
i don’t understand any specialization at all.
i understand i know but i know it
there is another one who don’t understand, i don’t understand what i forget okay
when we were talking, cannot like switch you know cannit like switch cannit like
i have heard nano technology but then
i don't want to go to there #sian #
i think i entered material science for nano tech
i want to enter maybe bio biology
another is aero aerospace, if i have nothing wrong, that filed
but we are the aerospace of material science
maybe you are tired, then speak more whispering
i really have a little shag
i have been to country a lot
really like what
i have been to taiwan twice, uh, no taiwan i think about twice.
the uncle who has no my is the hong-kong people.
you have been to indo
i have been to maidan, but then
i am still thinking about where i have been there, i have been to many, many many country
i have been to johor, i have been to malaysia
i've been to thailand
i have been to thailand, i have been to taiwan like this
i have to malaysia
not tightly as i grow older i will increase the number of countries that i go to to
you will go to overseas exchange
i want to go but have no money
it's all talking about like, if you have to go if you want to go
i originally wanted to go with him for more than 8,000 thousand
because his parents sponsor him why, he okay
which exchange is hongyao going
no g. a.
what time is butn deadlin
what is he work and play
i don't want to work and travele, my mother, my mother
are you a. u. u. u. u. u. u. u. u.
if it is clearing core's a. u. so that we do not learn less as in lessons wise
i also think because i and i have, and my friend has plan, what is plan going to go?
i don’t understand that he might go to instep's intep is confirm
it's not intep, it's definitely not an instep because i know instep i will not want it for half a year
that kind of not stress
and instep my roomie's core cannit match with u. s. core
that is to say, you go to you to read the module you want to read here. you have to go to instep in u. s.
go there to read right but there.
i don’t understand, i ask you this you sure know how to answer one
what do you like to eat food
we seem to be in skip question
after talking about this, you can leave
go to concept with you
so he is not light bulb
meet me n. h.
this is more light bulb
because at that time he did not tell you that his dad passed the past pass away
don't go to as in that day, we have arrived in that place
i but will be late. he will talk about why i take off. i say is not tight.
your time, then, i said that it is not tightly at most. i come out to find you
are you going to off or he wants to take
he wants to take
his time off to come out of find you
no as in is a friend, he is really a very good friend
i don’t understand his singing but i anyway free tix so.
really seriously
i have been listening to you that it seems that i have always been block of english you
look at this kind of person to understand the understanding of naturly
why are we two sigh at the same time
you know very much, that size i don’t want to sit with them
pretend to be right suddenly
so what time do you want that that he said he would ask ben like this
but he helps you drop hint
but you all said, if he is propose, you will
will as in
if he asked but if he didn't ask
of course, as in
of course, if you have a good one, you will be too good.
you can also find someone when you don't need to be attachment
many of the best butts are very old for attachment
for the focus of the focus of i wanted to say
they are very old, they must be very despo
most of those attachment are all over 30 and more than thirty or forty
twenty -three okay
now is you twenty four the guy twenty nine.
i used to feel actually i can feel it.
you understand me to read magazine yeah why they they thete type of guys right, they can’t find them, they go
they go to target little sister
it's really as in because before that year was chasing me
that's why he found you because he despo
i think he is despo too
super mature, i tell you why, i can't use time it
i don’t understand that he likes it, i don’t understand, is it that he is strange?
he talked about you sleep. i said that people have been sleeping.
he asked me if he worshiped five nights
the prince of the coffee saw a little more, just that he was here
he talks about youlep] then i say no i just watch fin. v. v.
when he talked about then, i asked him up.
because i think that he wanted to ask me to go the jurong one the school outside one
she doesn't like me to participate in this kind of church, she is not happy.
he kept telling me to go to church.
i think irritating seriously
my weekend
my weekend is not used to go to church
if you sleep at home, you ask me to go to church to fart
i will tell my friends directly about weekends are my family days i go out with friends
really, me, i am directly to me
my boyfriend, i also talk to him like what
i am one or three five meets you four five or six mes, my friend
it is a friend of two, four, two four meets
two -four friend meet friends five, six seven is for my family
very straight, i have to tell him saturday and sunday are my family days i go out with friends
he secretly whis because i was calling him to secretly whisper into, his friends’s ears
i turned around and i know i heard but
his friend thought i was his girlfriend but, but we are not
my boyfriend calls me tomorrow
don't go to lecture
then he goes to raffles to hand in his survey, you know he is not doing that survey's work
dry then
survey's work that is not easy to do
because you want to run around you a block, he will give you a specific house to do the survey
i will be exhausted and his block is far away
what can you do if you don’t have a car?
he did not waste him.
where was that day, i was origin
yuhua secondary school
i don’t understand the then and there is a oil station, and there is a oil station
i don’t understand that he has done it for two days. i think, he did more than a dozen more
we make a lot of money for n. t. u.
but n. t. u.
this is our one hour then fifteen dollars
we do one hours, we do more than that
you can also on you or you can also be
the topic we talked about that day
you won't read chinese
i will get, i want me to read a long time
i don’t understand that i read chinese very slowly. i want to see my n. t. u. mail
wait for him to talk about our slack
wait for him to say that we are not working
your yours is five dollar
my five
why is five i think?
you are one dollar flow
i really want to go to taipei very tempted to taipei
earn right, there is no such cheap usually
i am going to taipei but a little expensive
my hair is very messy so message
i really want to do rebonding or dye hair
i have a voucher waiting for me to see
many of you voucher
i want check that brand, how much does i want to see because
there is a thirty dollar voucher then white, not in vain
what about
i show, i show you, now you should wait a minute
cut hair voucher
is it like block u.
i mean you used the com
it is only cheap or expensive
wait a minute, i want to see what services that i can do
so i am seeing what there is that i can use
he is online, i am in clear my email email a lot of things
the fried these few days
my mother is hash brown
your mother is very good actually
my mother has been taking me to eat mcdonald breakfast recently
he is not due cancer recently, don’t you tell you that he due breast cancer
without him, he uses chinese to tell him because he said in chinese what he said in chinese
i don’t understand then i listened to that name. i think i thought it was breast
what breast then
i don't know what is cervix cancer
what is robotic
it should be okay, he said
i don't believe machine's i prefer like manual job
no but then, so he said that he said that six people have no air con.
last time i think a few years back
he made an openment two or three years ago
i don’t understand what there is anything here.
seventeen thousand claim insurance
i have insurrance to you
i want check what these are not the name of that thing
that look yourself
without then, it has always been covered
i don’t know how to code switch
it is a bit difficult to get actually.
it is difficult to deliberately go to code switch
i think not bad actually
don't talk about my two boyfriend are malaysian
you like you very much like malay# sian# boyfriend
my boyfriend is from havoc
he can be on the outside i mean, i don't understand his clique as three men and three women
where i might be able to follow them, he will return me at three o'clock
nervous, i want to see how much this costs, that price
i am very nervous every time i have this mail, i will see how much will i see like
what time is flying sale
i am also going to get sick, i want new year
i did n’t buy a can of new year's almond cookie to eat ten pieces by myself
you who know nice or not nice
don't buy cheaper
all of my news
mine is cheapo.
you can go to studio to take pictures in your time
if he is not delicious, he stays over there and threw off just throw away i care
that new year goodies, i told him that i was going to go to the ox carts you know squeezed
squeeze that then, he will talk about
no one can try
try
it is that time i also what
my jet start, i have set up
going to australia
it's beautiful and beautiful.
super beauty is because i read the snowy blog. he introduced langkawi langkawi
you have the blog of snowing snow
some of the disneyland who goes out of his abroad
i thought only a boring person like me would watch anyway in april i can't fly anymore
it is because we have exam
see what i need to see my mail
you, you press your mic
many of our period of time are quite empty
it's trick, you go in, i think
it's trick, you went in
take a look at it has twelve dollars there
why is there nails from
if there is nail i mind, the voucher what
it does not write price up to you
no actually, its hair service
his hair of hair but model is usually beautiful
forty -eight pieces he said from from fortyn.
i am very tempted to take the money i earned to return highlight
you know that last time we didn’t go to tanjon-parga, i did n’t meet that hair. i think that 60 yuan
your okay my hair
i am very tempted like huimin's butle, i am afraid to wait like ah-lan
mother to you is not scolding you
but your nail is so short
did i show you my nail's website
it looks very class
it may be bad business, so it only requires promoter
i'm very stress, i'm afraid he will wait for his money to knock on my money
this is massage
i didn't write much for but. irritating
very class
it's very stress
which ones can be click?
very close to actually, it is an industrial park
where is your piano lesson
i asked him. he said that if i want to use this voucher, i can't use this
where is the industrial park nearby?
of course voucher usually does not give you
you go to birthday
it is impossible to have such a good promotion
this dead alfred will not change the photo every time it is placed on such a disgusting face
just now he was sitting next to me facebook
really cui
his face opps
i have show, you have waited for my friend
don't you want to see my marina barage photos
super cute
what is he in kiss
very cui, if it is her boyfriend, i will laugh at her
his rabbit is not in kiss, his rabbit
she is my good friend there is the one taking h. p. a. a. six with me one
she is full of pretty, i show you
his rabbit super cute ppb
she is sweet looking but. she has a little fat
right of sweet looking
it's right, very cui okay, i will wait for # kajiao # she
your inbox has twenty -four mails not twenty -four forty -two
she is full of sweet looking
she is my middle school, she is pretty but she is a little fat
is it yeah
no sweet her boyfriend is very cui
very cui okay what
where can i show you see sweet?
nothing at all sweet
i have no stalk, he has not seen his photos for a long time
there is no onepell, i will not spent
have a boyfriend] different what he is full of good -looking one
you are in stalk every day
his not bad
every time you are in stalk ziyuan
he really i think his dress sense is that he has made him look a lot because he will dress up because he will dress up
i haven't gone to his facebook anymore
i don’t understand which building is above
you go to like him
see what when he is army
this is your group mate
he is very smart, he comes from r. v.
when he is army, no hair should be ugly
this one is also not back
although he wears this but not back
which one is here is him?
it's good, i think their group of okay okay
not very nerd
he is very nerd this one is beautiful
no box
i think he is very handsome to wear vest
it turns out that when he is army, this is like this nerd
tag
don't peek at people's photo
qimin just farted, i recorded it in it and recorded it.
for why you have such multiple notification
many of his photo are narcissistic
do not mespride* his photos
his dress sense is super good
is this that bling bling
this one is okay
i think his dress sense is better than ben
he is better to wear shirt
i think his dress sense is very good
his dress sense is super good
i have never seen ben a few, i have read ben once
it is also quite cute for kimfai kimfai
zheng nian is my j. c. friend
his dress sense
can be improved right
zheng nian is my j. c. friend
your told me not to say # walao # yeah scold him
i have told you ziyuan before
he goes to you know put the hand
why are you like excited
they are more open
this angle is actually not good at him
without me, i said that woman looks like this is okay
it's not good to look at how he is outton to be so high very nerd
that woman looks very mature
my think, he is handsome in black
he has tummy
his tummy is also pretty beautiful
they are playing wii
because he is white, it is black
he is white, so black suit him
he has tummy
he is the right photogenic right
i think he is pretty good -looking
his photogenic is right to him as photogenic
where is bend okay
his photogenic was very beautiful
it's okay and wait for me to finish this first
the woman's intentionally bend down just now because he is too high
that man is very dwarfing. we intentionally bend down in marina barrage's super funny
his actually and their clique is very united
what temperament i see the temperament
i can feel the temperament in her
he is in orientation, and he pays attention to him. who is that?
he has that in orientation
for us in discuss photos
otherwise, we don’t know how to discuss so, let's see a person’s facebook and then discuss how handsome he is
try code switch
you used to be study in what school
i used to be study in pasir-ris sec
you used to participate in what c. c. a.
i used to participate in guitar ensembl
and i. t. club robotics
you used to be on pasir-ris secondary school
you used to be study in which junior college
of course i live in tampines
i have many friends who live in tampines or pasir-ris
i live in harbour-front
uh, but my closest's m. r. t. station is outram-park
it's just that i think it's not convenient to go to buy something on the other side.
you didn't hear that vivocity
there is also a giant supermarket and tiong-bahru market to go to tiong-bahru's n. t. u. c. buy a lot of things
there are bukit-merah and redhill market
and teelok-blangahh
many market, you like to visit market
without me, i don't like to go to market
it's just that there are so many markets, you don't go without going
you see tampines has three shopping mall
is there any shopping mall
there are tampines mall with tampines one and century square
there is also a library with some cinema, and there are two like you got everything theres
you need to go to two cinema when watching the play
then i did not cooperate with so you can try the other one
you have been to library
why do you go to library?
i'm going to library to see
you can see beautiful girls at library
there are many mugger, but some mugger is pretty girls
you also think her friend very beautiful
uh, a man who is hanging out with
you are now at-xiang
without me, i have asked her. she has no boyfric
so i should try my best to be the right one
you have never learned direct
to i will camp for her
very sad because i think i am handsome, but she said that i look like indians
because you really look like indian
it's really not that i want to say that it really looks like yeah
i like indian, i don’t mind, but she said that i am not so handsome. i have always said that i am very handsome, but she said that it is not like indian.
because i have learned french one
you want continuously learn actively so that you will not for forgetting french language that easily
did i speak for too long or have it too long access?
i didn't say a joke or jobs why are you laughing
although i am me and i am, my chinese is not good, but i understand this is code switching between english and chinese
what i just read for 60 minutes, i don’t understand why that person wants to talk about sixty minutes and 60 minutes, not a hour or an hour
what did you get this semester?
my semester did not get any elective
because actually i got overload one of the module got canced so an elective is not now available
now your timetable is very slack
you have two days at 3:30 and two days five thirty your your week is a four day week
i don't know if it's all my core module
i am now in h. s. s. chinese every
then why is your chinese rotten than me
those who are in chinese course must be good than you
at least my cavity is not as strange as you. i don’t have that ah-ney tone
what ah-nay cavity
there is no indian accent
what is ah-nay
complete this code switch session
no one is to help them because it might be boring for them
although i know you prefer mahjong
for am i not correct
so you only have four day week
which day is your free day
that's from today
it's just mahjong session
because if there is no money, mahjong is a very stuffy
activity very boring no one talking
because everyone is waiting for their card's tiles
i believe you should have be on time at eight o'clock is accurate okay
you can continue to talk about me really mind
very that kind of beautiful of elegant
what are there and what are there?
it's like cute or sexy is sexy
what is hot in chinese
see which hot method you want to talk about
otherwise, don't you use the word hot because it is very sounds w and
every time i listen to melissa, i call her jack
i prefer to say jacqueline because i think jacqueline has a nice ring to the name cause,
so you are a person who likes the name ling later
without me just like jacqueline
it should not be is
knowing, of course, melissa told me
uh, her name is sharon is n. b. s.
friend in n. b. s.
uh, who do you know who is megan fox
but although she is nine upon ten, we can also say uh
you say hollywood is hollywood so bollywood
seventy eight immortals of your face, your face is due to
eye your eyes
i think her entire face is very beautical
no because s. b. s. is on top of a hill and i like to climb hills so much ever
uh, sometimes i jog around n. t. u.
i will take a look at andrely check myself in the future
and s. s. there is also a food court over there
i have been to that cafe by the quarts it seems very cramped there are altped of people
although uh, although i ever ask her out for a movie before
i was rejected by i alway thought rejected in chinese was reject
unknowing uncomfortable with
if you want to do this you want to say that how do you say that
without you, it should be code switch more
i am not so professional, but i have a make the effect
you look at very guat
you will try to ask her to go out again and again with her
i haven't thought of not thinking of where to take her out
the face is fa ~
face is face you
it's just that the face is more used in the like organ
face is also face
for the correct one
you can be you knowing buy bread for her breakfast next time
there will be any uh two slope there will be two slopes no matter how i try
i don’t like me now my feet are because of the becaut i tried cycling up slope
actually, you don’t have to go to hall fourteen to her you can go to you know s. b. s. or pass to melissa
without this, there is no sincerity.
so do you think you should talk to her more like talk more to her to undertand her better
uh, speak online only so much you can talk about
really not an ucause psychology
uh seven hours with well her
i don't think it's such a thing, so you listen to that special as in
uh, if you haven't found it yet if you are to chooose
so you are saying that, have you already got along with jacqueline for seven hours?
what question is question are you thinking of
is to go steady is it or to to
ordinary conventional way
so you, you, you, you want to say that you are macking her to, ask you insterad of you, you are going to ask her, it's not strange like this
girls don't like uh, a man asked them things like
uh, so if you and i really want to go to meet, i won't ask her uh
so because if
uh, if she is not comportable enough she say yes say maybe not
so instead of thinking of a reason to say yes
uh, there should be no something bad for her to reject so
understand so now you can learn my this method so when you
they should think of okay
i should have nothing to on sunday night so i should be free i will go
i don't know my god
why do you give me that look
i didn't give me anything. i just thought the since you are very proficient in talking why just continue talking you can talk about jacqueline i mind you can just continue talking and talking about
i let you tell you you you know, let you have a got got a way to tell her some
but do you want pass? message
why do you you you scald i pass some some to melissa the pass wrong to jacqueline then, your image will be destroyed by your image
i don't understand what you want to say, what kind of message
from me to who from me to who what message
you can create you can you know new words on your own
when a cashier and sometimes there are some
so you want you are trying to chase the them away instead of to help them because you don’t know what they are asking
people who can speak chinese speak.
i can speak chinese then then they
uh chinese speaking and like but chinese and chinese and
so they think you are an indian or a foreign race
i came from handsome land
talk to you correct already
good so next time you got you are you need to fill application form
your race you must remember to fill in handsome instead of chinese or indian or anything
for because no one else is as handsome as me so therefore the first handsome you have ever
you and i should be the first handsome you have seen
should not listen to listening to us
you can you know get mandarin lesson from her
time is time table is table
for you to tell you the next time you want the time table, you see what they will give you if they really give you time and a table i will really tell you that you are great.
ex -girlfriend okay my ex -girlfriend
very polite to talk about ex -girlfriend right
do you have any former boyfriend is that is that what you call it ex boyfriend, a former boyfriend
what do you want to find uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh is it do you call that get what requirers for boyfriend to be your boyfriend
really good
do you think there are any what is romantic right yah okay romantic what what will
really hard question
because you never excellent beface so you know what you really wanted, you don’t know what you want
you will like your boyfriend to do is to talk a lot
if you ask him uh if you ask him do you like me do you like me then he says
i don't think i will talk about just what is just heard as not heard
now you are you are the girl and is the man asking you
okay, if jacqueline asked you
if no
how can you be expressed for yourself
if uh, if yan ru asked me if i
uh, i should know, uh, i like her
uh, a man is a very simple minded if you ask them a very straight forward question they will you a very straight forward.
why is there only me one by one, handsome young man doing the code switching all by my self
mingxiu thinks joel is a handsome boy
i think this sentence i i think
uh, i have happy myself. okay
i think right a great entertainment to them because they we like laughing laugyting out all the way
men and handsome man
eye sugar no
uh, you are my eye sugar how do i say that correctly
no you may tell her directly to tell her, you are me, i, i, you, you, you, you, you, ya eye eye sugar, you tell her that it is the eyes of the eyes.
female friends tell me, uh her eye candy
i don't understand why she chose him as her eye candy
once you see a beauty, you think okay is beautiful enough. she is eye candy.
although that is not very handsome bute candy
let's talk about h. b.
his photos's photo right i did not take a picture with them group of friends
then they approached you
because he said that it should not be used in the name of b. f. c. cup.
instead of passing comments
no wonder it will be chased by raymond
what should i do
why your committee member against you
is a n. i. e. trainee
i never know n. i. e. trainee can earn ten pieces in an hour
because previous years i have run through ten k. theen after that, i think actually run compares
it's better, because turn up, then run one hour later tengreng* i can go back
are you run ten click or run twenty forty two
of course it is ten click i run forty two
no one is run stand chart or run
my run stand chart
i think a
i like people to cheers me on, i think it will help to
really then yesterday my friend
because they are becape they weey, spontaneous
they ran halfway, they told them to talk about put your hand put your hands up put your hands up
whether it is okay run run like us
it seems that a friend runs forty two click
i have a lot of friends who run forty two click
i didn’t see them who, they asked me why i didn't see me
we are in start ~
we are not in starting point
he all tags me tag
he helps you tag
then huiyin scolded him why you so
help people tag photosos
then this morning many facebook are comment about raymond
which photo is very obvious
they do not have comment directly on photos
put on that wall ~ wall post
now everyone understands not a not
that's the masterpiece of meihui
you will be secretly some
meeting actually i don't know him at all
i am very surprise
in fact, we can be down to two one point food k. i think
what are you looking for them? what are we doing?
no one i want to talk about is that performance
if it is only selling drinks, then that, people may feel boring very boring
you may be able to buy something else to come with it and sell together with it
no just normal cloth will do
it's better than you move the whole sticky of the newspaper
we also put h. b. it's quite a lot of things
not just canvassing
in the end, i still look at event
it's yeah
compare the canvassing of extraordinary
photographer tells you did a good job that ~ i do a good job last year right
no dare you are my ex boss
why are you my ex v boss
where are you my boss, don’t you want to blind, claim is my boss come on
that recording is very similar
but he has no correct me
where is long time?
where is the long time recionship
i use their request. this is a special
there is that effect to see if we will start
i won't be stumble like you, so you will start
i can’t see come on man, but i think i am very bad in chinese, do you think will?
so we want gossip about them
why is that thing that is very similar to my frequency
is that yours or my track one track two
because i am afraid of scally after one hour actually a speaker without record
talent is a kind of yeah
i think i am also very nervous just now
should be a long term relationship?
almost of course i know
it is teach the wrong thing to students
not me j. c. b.
it's not just that your chinese is better than me. in fact, we are on part
because i lack exposure, if you give me a bit more, i will be a little bit, but i will see chinese. i will have a little scared now
i need prepare, i don’t like to read things myself, i don't like to read things
it's like if i talk to people who speak chinese very well.
then there are a lot of words right that we commonly use but they use
in taiwan, in taiwan, you are still talking about what what is excuse me in chinese
buy that transx ~ baby
a bit as a three as only nine
i am excuse me in the think very hard what is excuse me in chinese thin after that
but your tendender is that you will want to go
speaking of excuse me that then that moment when you find the word to reply excuse me, you will always think of that word in chinese
then i then i i i wanted a straw then i will talk to him
do you have any straw in chinese to you?
then that was my first embarrassment
so i think mayflower is good.
i have never been to but. they talk about food not bad
you call meihui to find him e. c.
it's just no bonding
i am a psychological imbalance and i am a person who is not a serious
you go to ask huiyin
we agree
because he was originally long sensant
but my face is not thin and blows so much yesterday
but he has no p. e. teacher's body
ask your p. e. teacher
the teacher who does not have j. c.
if it is kenneth, he can't do it
hall h. b. group belongs to the same clique what why we can talk so much
not much because no one wants join me
nothing is all my name is huaiwang
i have been with him before
do you want to be?
without i remember that william is william, you are your persuade jason.
i won't ask me before asking actu ~
i do n’t think so too. i think they will talk about business and work
uncomfortable my hand must hold like that
i think it is very difficult for conscious.
i don't know if you hurry up start
i know we want to talk about h. a. b.
have you seen the s. m. s.
he said we are going to ask the price
how much is our budget
i don’t know i thought you are the fin constroller
where can i find a performance
five hundred pieces for the whole event are not for a performances
what are you looking for, you want to find superstar to sing
they also said that they do not find people with sing and strum
is it possible? if you do n’t find them, those new ones are not very bad
i don’t understand because i went to online yesterday to watch right
magic performance i think 500 yuan will be finished
you, you do emcee
i will emcee that day
don't understand performances is a big headache
otherwise, i just find the emcee club but outside. i don’t understand them.
otherwise you find n. u.
but i think it comes at a cost
at that time, when we were freshie d. n. d. what did you find n. t. u.
come to dance butn also like
normal, ask you one d. n. d. who else is
just remember to payant
all if we buy everybody outside right then is strange
you have to talk to qwee swee
it's cock right
not matching hall awards
no door gift is better for everyone
torchlight i used it at all last year
what shoe bag
i did not go
you can take shoe bag
if we want to hold it in school
i didn't live in hall without any
so how long is the thing
sing for a long time i was thinking we get sing and struum to sing background
what pronunciation angel those kind
without them, they wish to sing the people's people eating then.
to then, you are called sing and strum to sing the you give it a chance to perform
who is cultural sect dan
that jam band that can sing
the new freshie is still senior
i don't understand no
your block
zhang ma's block
many people like my block run in the end
really but he is helping lydia right
he said that lydia kept cutting him
because anthony has a car, then he drives what
but biz mag's name is biz mag
cut him for why lydia
when they said at that time they hated lydia, i really block
because we think anthony is quite a quite a okay candidate what just that
she looks white that
our block is alan zhang hao zhang hao roomie is zhiyang
he now lives in hall
there is no i think is under his name
it is squat's name but kenny is not staying of under kenny
two or three times that kind
why is she changed her
not because you know your orientation group right supposted to be in one of your classs one but then
she is the unlucky few
it's in the end just
i will see my group of friends but in biz law
she will not be as in i would see her
she is float around
there must be a few flowers in each class
their add drop is because i heard from during the orientation the seniors alream told us that
don't change your class although the timetable may be very very termrible
great everybody says so then the working thing is that
all of you are in account
another one is then he is to marketing
i b. when f. two one eight
don't be like this sad
no camp
because we are starting, we will talk about like
which slot i got
to but i can talk to them but
the slot, the solid that time that time, is really zero then. they can only take any slot but.
no, now it is not possible to use last time i used to do it
they got check
they started checking i think somebody we complain
understand you starting too # nua #
without me now, there is only one of you left. a. f. f.
i am two b. a. f.
i only have one accountability
and b. and f.
because you have f. y. p. what
i also have three one one
you also have three one one
i have seven people but then
seven people like a lot right but then
dadmoder is dopic one like forefign exchange studers from like korea
you also do not have put in effort
but if you know that he will give you rubbish work right but at, the time doing it right then
what would happen if i took his entire paragraph
yes, so i email them i say
we four, then there are three girls and one guy the guy so
you all b. f.
there is no accountability only me a b. and f.
because you do not have put in effort to cut
there is no cut, but it
i friend send to us and then send to me
because it is very short that report
each part is only like every two company then i think
so company is six pages
don't count that body just six pages
so every company is arbiting three pages, then you
just copy a very short and each analysis is very short, short, short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short, very short.
our company his
it's strange because we do when we chooose right
he is making a profit, look at that
two company
not you chooose
some are four our teachers pre assign
his english or actually has a little accent, but he will not understand what he speaks in english.
he is also i think from foreign countries
he also has accent's i heard
i don't know that they speak him and speak, which is also they cannit it
he likes to dance and then the right although he wears every time is the normal right but he looks like he is going to go salsa anytime.
because they bought m. b. j.
i didn’t buy m. b. j. senior.
you are so amazing of course you need
i'm not like this, but i want to learn them to talk about jerica, they talk
if i passed this sem still quite safe
i think if after this sem you get four point food eight
i go to check at 8 o'clock in the morning
no one, i have taken a long time ago
it's so bad that i have a research. i'm so bad
the other is not ya
you know when the page is so easy then, you have a question m. c. q.
i don't want to take, i don't want to take equity
because derivatives past year is many of them are joseph kang
he is really very powerful.
your previous year right joseph kang set the paper it was so easy right then then?
at that time, he always scared us that then after that of the homework right
do you know how i didwork did?
his beface that has given you answer
this is how i started using the answer to copy i even look at the questions when i was in canteen
not but i thought, you want to be a summary every week
for summary to copy textbook
do you know the one of the year three
his summary right is even thicker thapter
he goes to the add on yourself
i don’t know that, he is very thick, and you can bind then we are no wonder he takes a. he is very good every time he takes a.
he doesn't need grades anymore
because like you see
those test theey would ask you to go to the place itset
he goes to last round
he is outspoken right
the butt when i speaks right
it is english is very good right higher chinese one one
she said her apply p. and p. and g. then she also apply developsche
she brushed off last round because. they asked her to have any.
two interviewer then they keep shooting you
after he was asked, he didn't have pause, so he was the other one.
he just wiwang you speak then i will ya
he said i think this is a valid point but then
if you talk a little, he will add his comments
super multiplayer but the questions they ask
true you look around all hands
i think correct in a way
i feel that the question is very stupid.
it is majority.
unlike n. t. u. so you give me an accountancy class any question also nobody want to # chap # the prof one
because no one is answer the class cannnot go on so, do i want to apply it?
i just answer
they asked about white section
because you have to read readings what
because company law
you have to control duties
who wants him to do not do his duty is his family
to they will got this
compared with rare
but everyone when they say like
my clique is the only one who is first class i think three second upper
for because i don't have time lessons with you before
but
i couldn't think of what to take anyway i think at that time
do you make this general entry like this
but i don’t like watching that balance sheet
but that's two one
but do project
no project
it is tutorial presentation
is there any course without tutorial presentation
your tutor really slack
just actually she is not that slack. she likes start on time very much
no five -minute right then she will start to ask us question
he is in your block
your clique is candice
my clique is candice amelia felicia
except for i mean except rebecca si yan and and kenny right, i am all left
i can speak to sham, you can talk to chee wei alan zhang hao these everdeen okay
he looks like senior really
you didn't look at my batch, there is no leftover
who is your batch
my batch previous beverlyn esther
when she was ambiguous, she was also in her out world
no, but i think okay i can undaster
you are also okay if you compare.
those banks are not down networking session i think they we all almost all of them
where is it like us?
it seems to esther right
it seems that you only when towards the end school send email
there are u. b. s. okay by the way apply casually apply
it's hard to i think
who has offer
then cassetia
at that time i thought my during like in
you are the best score in considered
he is list
this is very sad
i am also list, i also give all the bank reject
not i think is after the crisis, they have no pick up
a little bit of experience
because people in audit firm jumped to bank
throwing them in that deep blue sea
do the stuff of first year for them
this o. t.
you do then you should hear the reasoning
but they say it will go if you state then you will
it's not so evident
i don’t understand because i will go to internet at there is the ing time
they from two eight to three four
they will cut bottom twenty five percent every year
and ops i think ops is more suitable for ladies
you have to watch the child at home, the bank ops is for you okay
because ops may be easier to get in i was thinking
a view that is more holistic
three three credit swiss
look at you audit, if you make 3,000 eight
i want to do four years to read that pay
because i don't like to do ops
it is nine to five you repeat your cycle a typical day and then life goes on
because i used to be in you know this finance company call sing investments
placed in wrong place like that you know accountancy, you did not have in financial accounting
is there any request
no but that thing is him
at that time he had a call
just not a lot button
another colleague taught me how to do the i will come up with one quarter of g. t. report that reads
at that time, i did audit very #sian #
really a reason why i didn't go back
if he is interview, he will ask you
i told my supervisor
he kept telling me that with your grades you be inumit, i told him that grady, i have no place to go
some people prefer steep learning curve
it's really stuffy is vouch vouch vouch
every day is to see 1 hundred dollars of g. l. one hundred yuan pairs
just like maybe, they will have authorization
these are things made by entry level
i can't even use the net because bank will not give you the internet
now so so he is like the achior is cannot make it one, a very a small job fund only so small job
he has already promotion one round that senior
if mark him down again
after one years, he just gives him a good job. he just gave him a better
i guess next year should be gone
he said it was not good he cannot manage
it is you know like sometimes not one job one what
he has always been a sheet in front of him, he always clear.
just like like
do you want you?
because you are not his department so, i will be sad. otherwise, he is now manager two. i will go with him
three years with senor
i ask you is amlia attache
no, i really don’t understand come on you should ask gui swee gui swee is the knows the most
why did he and raymond such a close
why is he and huiying very close?
it's a bit difficult for him to reore life
because then, they became very embarrassing
but why do you and hui ying so why do you know huiying?
you live in fifty-one last year
but i think before that is also the love bites i know
because when year one, we are all in love bites why we know each other
because ruth stay with you all last year
so they go to fifty one
and alan is also stay in fifty two alan zhang hao cause they are base
what he deliberately chose his room to
he looks like first class
his got a job alreamy
he is now in e. d.
it's eighteen without me, so strange, so, so we suddenly asked us to speak very funny.
it's hard to mix as in
his friend sick then
he can’t watch movie so, he can accompany you for a whole day
very good, good, very good, okay
very good right okay okay
no meet my friends at seven
we have been recorded like this, where do we know where we are going
it's very expensive hotdog
it's very expensive hotdog but delicious. he has told me to tell me
it's okay okay, so do you want to eat lunch with us?
don’t because of my lunch, i am already my dad bought rice noodles and gave me the morning
you were not chec that bus thing just now
i still can't find as in, i still don't say that it is very good
you understand us so that about two minutes
but will he be cut out of these
i know he will be intersected actually, will you feel that you will feel
very cool
our cannot last for one hour
there must be no one hour
without him just now he is out of at twelve, he said from twelve eighteen
that's why we are only talk for three minutes at 12:18
very slack, you will give me a computer and i will have more things to talk about
just eat hotdog
i have seen its price
use my handphone, you do not have bluetooth
mine has no bluetooth, but i can upload for you
i don't like me, i don’t like me, i don’t want too clearly
you have to shoot with background
to take this place in this way, you have to take this kind of equipment
according to the middle right right
nothing is not press this button
that is not that button is the screen touch screen
i know i know screen right you want like that okay wait wait
but i look very bad
wait a bit because this stupid mic is really ugly
in this way, there is the #sh # what of the pro
taking with this background
in this way, you have to do a little here if no take i take
no, i will shake a little bit every time i will shake
in this way, we have been playing the then then then then then they record our voice and we talk and play like that that
taking the equipment
you stand here a little here
can't see if you want to lower okay you should bend download you bend download
too long, it does not have that have the bob head feeling
no right
like seems to be so messy with alream in a mess
very unfair
those because of i ~ i ~ i told my friend
it's such a thing
unexplained unfair
it's too long, you are messy
because there is that shade
but i just rebond
i just rebond
it's but
because bob head is all
i want to pin up, my hair is i think
that auntie speaking
i just rebond is not because of
i did not last night because of my never i never wash my hair in the morning
i want to talk about what i want, don’t cut off me just rebond one hundred and thirty dollars
now my baby
i'm watching my cross cross
what cross cross
because waiting for your mike receive my own sound what
come on, i want to shoot these equipment
and my eeyore is next to it
when did you not check the exam, the day did you get the day
i don’t understand when you know the last sem
it comes out, i don't understand the next day then i realise. oh let me go and check
none of you asked me your result
no nobody ask me the until the next day, i discovered it
none of you s. s. i asked me to return, i returned me
what to do thermody should take d.
i think my thermody will take the test better than maths. my maths will take a bad test.
my physics is better
my maths and science are not good
take your ugly photos and you upload all of you to facebook
so you take publics i take myself today
selfie actually i won't take selfies. my selfie seems not good -looking
my selfie nicer
i don't know about agaration i am poor
your face is just that big alream, what do you want me
you cut off, you can also dye what
strange we just sit here you got eat breakfast or not
you are not going to withdraw 80 yuan
i want with a bit at a time
cab
go to find a job, set up cab
if you go to the interview on the first day, you will be late.
you count him to one thirty
wait for you and hui min to eat the super dog then after that night
and david
what time do you will come to your interview interview how long?
several stops we accompany you to m. r. t. station
very expensive and expensive hot dog
very expensive hot dog
i'm afraid of my g. a.
in this case, i don't have that buffer anymore
not even buffer
you now you g. p. a. now
it's hard to fall off soon.
no because you know why
because you have only one sem now your three point two is the you under undistendand accumulated by two sems
because your first sem is your second sem on three o'clock
your three point two is going
talking more again is three point two and then times two
because it is two sem right your three point two came from two sem right the average of two sems
right
type to the say what
do you have plan for your elective
do you want to take that magic of voice
it's not a singing like a little singing is to play that is the kind of playing, you don’t have to read a lot of it.
no, no, no, no need to say that the module is super good
it's just to play
how does he be pull us in
it's not voice, he said that one is chio choir, he said that he can pull us in
usually elective is a while and i can't choir like i have the vocal skill and i am to those notes and music tone deaf just
really just totally tone deaf
what physics and chem
one thing that will getrest
i think the course of the course of take a.
at that time i had camp to that then, i listened to them
i don't understand what eng lim said is another sound module. i thought it was true
you get that time
i was already the last sem that day
usually this elective is pretty late
at two o'clock, three o'clock, two o'clock, two o'clock, two o'clock.
with the time i didn't see it just now, then, then, was leaving
wait for you you show me
our sentences all very short
there are wifi okay okay, i can check my email
i want to take the slack slack
i want to take a test, i want to take, there is no exam
i also want two elective
what is your basic chem
i think its module is many of the right of memorise
it's like secondary school chem
don't want me to take that kind, don't whole day
if that like this, i will use my unrestricted might as well
you know my friend, this sem the sem we just finhed, he takes three elective
one malay one choir one accounting
jie xuan is also what jiexuan can take him and tell me
you can hit to do not understand more than 20 a. u. jiexuan is very powerful
that kind of good thing i think it will help you put up your marks many
what time i want to see when i go to the interview for that choir
you don't understand because you don't have that music background why, you will not look like me
i have music backgrond then, i can slack all the way
you understand my previous cs grade eight
i actually can't take the test, because i rely on pitching
because i can sayread notes
what is sightread
some people can’t do it because some people want to play that song like like
this is to travel i think from an early age
you understand out of the out of section we have four sections i have only one section.
he said that many of his student cannot make its i think it can be in this section but
no wonder you will score right
at that time, my grande eight my teacher still looked down on me. he thought i would be fail
he told my mother that you may have then after that
take the difference and get merit. i am three points.
i have no totally at all without music background
it's hard to learn if you want to learn, you have to get better from elementary school
there is no separation of just sounds to me
is what twelve forty one
i am now recioning
do you want to like email
the woman asked her like she was selected by selected
what is the number of starting
12th 14th right
i think is no. 10 start date to train
this is so sad i want to get that is so close
very good right and that pay is seven and a half points, seven and a half
very good and i think that job is easy to just basely like talk to them
sitting here like this seems to chat like this, just talk and talk
i don't think i think sign up is all that
if i am that person, i will auto filter
that ziyuan talked about what he was auto filter
it's bad, just like those chinese people
you call those people
they are also singaporean, if you hear a china, tell you there
i also hung up with him too
what we are talking about now he can hear everything
how to get our payment
why do you tell me that you need a bank account without what?
without you understand it, there is a section right on the side of the application form.
my form does not have that section from that section
i'm not going to online
very naturus, will you feel like you have been recorded because of being recorded?
and you see i have to wait for you to talk
very cool
there was tank top at that time i watched ten yuan
to buy ten might as well to buy that kind of good
of course i buy that better right
that 70 yuan right
i want to buy that word it
i want to buy tank top
there are a lot of tank top there for a moment, you go to see it
i saw a lot of mermaid at that time
great thene you are talking about me very young
that's not river island
xuan yu and i may buy gifts to ben too
buy ben christmas present
with his birthday without his birthday
really on the day
you see if like toplyly without sound right, you see your food sound
i didn’t see that planner voice music of voice
i now go to internet first
ask you white house to cut your hair cheaply, have you heard of white house?
at that time, voucher gave
i'm thinking about whether to go to chapter two to cut
don't understand why, why does it give you so many voucher?
i don’t understand him chapter two.
it's like the shop of the spectacle hut glasses
i think try to cut a new place to cut the butle, i'm afraid it is ugly to wait for the cut
your mouth is full then, you speak funny
cut back your previous style
so you ask him to cut the short just to everything
do you want to stay again or you keep you and keep the long, then cut it again
i ask you, i ask you if i will tie it like this, will it be strange?
it's strange to tie the hair
tie right
it's messy, you can tie like you first sem like this
tomorrow i come to try out, i will tie like this
my facebook is gone
it's strange that right like is very children and are not worthy of right
you go out with ben tomorrow
nothing listen to you, you go out with him
if you are packing, you will be it
wait a year of right
yes n. u. dot e. d. u. dot s. g.
you go to paint you nails
very unible
beauty right
what is your own paint?
without me, i went to that shop paint
i really have my student to go to a far east shop. he told me three dollars i wanted to show you
three pieces are really in far east
i do full you know the scrub my whole leg for me and then wash my leg and then
if you take the three dollars from
the kind of job for three dollars
nothing for him and not with you without you
he is paint with you without him.
in this way you give me two dollars, i help you paint
very beautiful right, how much do you guess
very expensive, expensive, my nails
there is no because they help you scrub and are all -thing.
very beautiful right, he painted very beautiful right, very professional, i like this shop
on the day of the five worship, i finished maths and got it
anyway
you are last minute that you read like
to you the first day
right 40 but 40 yuan is very heartache
one day i come to your house, you help me get this manicure
wait for us to go bake
but i'm not very pro
it's hard to look at it myself. at that time, you said that huimin said that it seems like liquid paper
i don’t understand. i think when my mother uses nail polish to apply her feet to her feet, it is very beautiful, but it is not good to apply my feet. i don’t know why
your mother uses the same nail polish nail polish
your mother will apply it if she will be if she will apply that nail polish, so that this will be compared
you see, there is no nail because i cut it in it very much
very short, how do you get this kind of?
you see this kind of nail to have a design
i, i don’t like it, i don’t like to do this. i like to cut nails for a short time
you know that my friend is also that day i and my friend do nails
you do nails like a package, he helps you scrub thirty plus paint, but you want this pattern
cheat money right
why is wrong with my iphone or reception here is not good
no what
he did not go by this clock
that magic of voice
ask him to help me check the interview of that choir
to the interview first one for choir
that magic of voice i listen to them very well
because he doesn't understand cousin or what take to take
call hongyi check check, then told him to call me
you are still library
you go away, i ask you that magic of voice, who is good, who is good, he said very well
want to be av, your vocal
this is the kind of right b. you can get it.
you can okay then you want to take me that i want to take that
without me, i want to take me because this is because this is ballot, not
this time is also balloting
what is ballot
not ballot's
every sem is ballot every year
for every sem is ballot's what just, let's go first
i think join choir too
you don’t understand the then you know how to check
uh five o'clock, there is a slot, do you want to come?
five o'clock go home
i think try
but i am totally tone deaf
hongyi said very well, very, the job job
i listen to many people and talk about slack
i also want to learn something about this music
he is u. e.
i only have one u. e.
you have three u. e.
i u. e. i haven't used it yet
the first one i use that business
i have one u. e. two arts
one u. e. two to you three, i have four because i take you, you less
i don't want to use it now to find u. e.
that ziyuan told me about his friend
i don’t understand if i want to ask him what module and what elective
no, i want to ask message directly to ask her
what about what
he said it was under mechanical engine.
he talks about a
he said that there was have fun
if you really go to have fun, it will be ok
i really think no point reads so miserable
i don't want to take science. i think science is very good
i have been memorise memorise like all day long without life.
i also said that my dad said that it is possible to pass pass can be mixed in the past
your dad’s standard is not high
my dad standard is not high
her standard requirements are relatively high
the real fake then how come he still can manage a business not bad
because it is the business what left by my grandfather
in this way, your dad is already very powerful.
climb to such a high right
because it looks like you know
a lot of women is very rich and rich right right
great right
it's quite rich, you understand that he used to take pictures when he was a child to go to studio. they have what they have.
very cute studio, you know
when i was a kid, i was taken in studio when i was a kid
i have never been to studio
i used to have a wealthy time, then after that, i think my dad went bankrupt.
that is, doing business that has a lawsuit with others and has no money to go
usually, this is so dangerous
i ask you if i take a bus from jurong-point
because that bus has a direct bus
from jurong point but, i am afraid that it will take more than an hour for a long time
uh the hong-lim-complex just now you watched
not hong-lim-gardenn
mine is complex, i just told you that the one you told me will not be far away. what you talked about yourself
you understand the. go to find s. b. s. bus. you find the number from jurong-point to hong-lim
i know i know the right then, where do you know where you know right?
wait a minute, you can go to see the butn, you still have time now, he doesn't give us now, i know i can use it here
why do i go to hotmail
we go to prawn fishing
i am looking for the kind of cheapo, i don’t know where to have cheapo
i have always given everyone to everyone that no one wants everyone
without you, look at this timetable
it's good but
what time do we start, what are the starts that are very unfair
then you want to see you play design then.
our register then and their teachers do not have time atmenetes to ask those people if they have taken to atlantance first
but you see this effective communication
there is a very horrible slot
very horrible, look at friday right
you come to effective com
it's a waste of time right unless you are directly
you have to get a slot in this death
but i prefer to go all of our together rate than for that slot
right because of form group
we want to form group
how do i think doing it is better at school
because the school's internet must be faster than others
but they all talk about those a. v. p.
i don’t want me. maybe if i do a worker, i take leave on that day
then because i went to the last sem, i went abroad, my name was hui min to help me get it
help you to david and huimin
last sem, i went abroad, the sem, i didn’t go abroad
find that g. v.
i'm also afraid that my elective will pack this time
this this slot is good
without you to see the slot of tuesday, here we can move these tutorial to move off what you can try m. s. twenty -0 5 and m. s. twenty -eight.
put nothing first
i don’t see timetable, you move, you move, i don’t know how to move
where did he run again?
this h. w. here is okay. this is this was my original plan
twenty -0 no other slot
unless your h. w. move out h. w.
only the slots followed here
i don't want break too much, i want
twenty -eight 2nd slot
why is jump here jump there one?
but you focus on if you really want to put this here
so that g. v can not be this sem take
this is this was
my original plan
wait a minute
your h. w. i didn't put it in
you see this was the original plan, wait for my save first
okay what as long as you get a good elective
do you remember that at that time, we were starting starting then.
this can i mind taking this then
in this way we go to this we can go to lecture again
what is he index
we were not try just now
do you want to look at his online paper?
online paper with it
at that time, hongyi saw hongyi at that time.
there are but they talk about slack
you go there are have fun
i want to find you to find the slack slack
you have to have a little music talent, and you have to have background, and then, you will win others.
this is the other plan. if you want to put your g. v. put here
another index is better
how save
it's just that this is just like my original plan.
usually, people do not want to pay five to come back.
he went to eat lunch so much to forget us
right because you see h. w.
there are only two time slot here or jere
usually, people will take the worship of the four
it is not possible not to add elective right
can't directly elective is go by ballotion you rank one rank two rank three waiting for you to confirm.
i'm going to check, how do you check
i can't back to major
isn't it in planner
i haven't used this for a long time. i forgot student links. what time do we take the exam?
what are i see student link just now?
you are going to stars planner
wait a minute right here right
then you go to back to main
which is under under which hongyi i think is n. i. e. if i have nothing wrong
this is one i.
it has never slot
you think it will always find it without a slot
find that course content
how to find that course content
although we do this once but then
every time i forget it, i want to be onplore for myself
who s.
they write audition
if you want audition, you want to check if you will go in first, you are really die alreamy
you understand me before my secondary school
i originally thought i can join choir you know so i was. i went to that audition
read this music performance
this i think is very good
my no timent in
this motivating student to learn is very good
this is very good like this. this is easy to score. let me tell you
that choir
my roomie s. m. s. i
then what then they
only choir two
what choir two
no choir one
you have wearing tube, i thought it was your bra from coming
super transparent your clothes
i ask my roomie my roomie last sem take, they go to take a group to take
one of them goes to take choir
how do i know that i haven't made this sem and this sem wrong
i want to take that i think, you can score
my friend work in starbucks.
so the three of us drank three cups of christmas special
i don’t understand that day he gave me a cake
that's so good for thirteen jan
why did he exclusive again
what do you mean exclusive means after after this you need to take with this
there is that pitching machine in my house
just just back
carry how it sounds like then, you can sing it
because i know pitch then, i don't need to memorize what
i really want to find the kind of slad
help me with my grades, my grades are very #cui #
i come to check that g. v. paper online check past year paper
no right, you can type your own right right
type and myself
no one just one eighteen just now
uh elementary school is elias park primary school
can we start now
anglican high school
i used to be study in # pasir-ris # secondary
now n.t.u.
i used to chinese orchestra
this robot is very similar to the one in star wars
because i think learning an instrument is a very interesting and very-
now in q. p. in quintsical production
all from wires
i am doing stage manager in quintsical production
yes you are quite faest
my course does not have specialisation already specialised already
you can use his programme
every time i come, i am watching composing music using genetics
i took two b. two c. there was a s. g. p. take s.
i s.-
then you intend to becialise in what in years
what do you want to do?
alue
do music teacher
he has qualification
will you go to overseas exchange?
everything has join art choir band swimming
really active
xinyu go apply
xinli go apply for the sweden one
xinli go apply for sweeden i.n.s.e.e. or g.s.s. hers is i.n.s.e.e.p.
that question they will talk one like just normal
i prefer act friendly
production of like go pregnancy leave
now students are cannot make it
if you don't come, what, what should i do? ya then just play a lot
that photoshoot's backdrop
he wants to run to collect over geylang
i don’t understand or not understand that he should not understand or go with melissa
i did not participate in i. h. g. i did not be in i think
because i only-i'm just playing rack game, i think, i think list
are you very sick? you didn't go to a doctor
now you participate
that's yes
you can i though. you don't have to pay back.
what do you like to eat food
really like xinli like that
does it have no handphone?
i am also around that time
what do you have hobbies
you soon want year two
that chinese
he is the twenty -fourth jump i think so
now is 29 ya
i have interact
he is year one
it's also very scary
teaching so primary school secondary school
my time, i am a friend wake same age one ya
go in to see you you you see all the pipes as in
i am marvian-
grab when
why ya ok
can't care about friends also
this way he died he must pack seven people
there is i am going to school later
then you used to participate in what c. c. a.
what do you do in that quintsical production?
next semeter, what is elective
yes to you to take chinese
i don't understand when i have no s in my time
what is s
see which one is more fun and slabs, i go to join
see what kind of specialise
i don't read chinese website
they must be all fail
look at the ying and then, you want to see it, it is difficult to search
no, i don't have that qualification
must have you must have a
because i have a senior
he heard that he achieved not bad then
his got i. a. to japan
so ya want i try to go but then
is a big version of
its picture right is an ipod's wallpaper
you have done means you are going to the ame one
ah that m. o. e. website
not using a level
suddenly you get up in the morning, he calls you to come out over then, you will go
if you are relief now, it is secondary school right
it's easier to because
all outdoor's then people come to fight every time
i don’t understand, i don’t understand barker. i know there is a very big one and there is a church.
a chapel is quite big like this
i have to buy right for a long time
i think i was sick when i was without me when i was at sunday
if you want to do it, lead
just the whole thing, the worship service
no or no is service
the weird one is loustic always choked like this like now
have taken not not getting better
don't i just get well on my own
now get this thing very idiot you know
that kind of transparent bottle has marking at the side
they have the good brew ok every time
i think ginseng is disgusting
luo han guo ok what luo han guo
add a lot of rock sugar you spm a lot of of rock sugar
can't speakacular just that
i have bought but also very sweet. what
this dead person blackberry has no pirald version
as in pharmacy pharmacy, which is sold everywhere
only pharmacy sells
there is a small can with up to 80 yuan
this one thing is its design unchanged for ten years.
uh, without our act one, there is a scene worse
we have five scenes
now drop to two is just i think
still like less than halfway
listen to chris for more than 30 minutes about about
i don’t understand as in
it's strange to ask ray. i want to buy a ticket. what ticket?
our clothes are here right
i still have to wait for meeting
no really really don't be ugly, very sad
there will be a lot
very expensive h. t. c. general's pretty expensive i find
what are the new year songs that play in the new year, what to do, what to play liang shanbo and zhu yingtai
not in chinese new year is the one of the old folks home
that expedition
representative q. p.
i don’t know what to do for auntie. i don’t know what to do
don't kill us, ya
you, you understand that the right of the right of that recently passed away
there are no students n. t. u. there is one more
not the more jump down ang-mo-kio more
isn't it triple e? it's civil
his paying twenty -four you know a month
he is in hall's anyway
he is a friend of his sports camp
it's the same as group o. i don’t understand the same o. g. or is it next o. g. i still knew
no one know from where but rececently i didn’t read the full report but committed suicide
that data plan has sign contract
many very strong our system what you should enough care for your students
i don't know if as in really a cycle and i know when it will stop
i think there will be a few more i just have this feeling
the first one who doesn't know the second is my j. c.
the first one is called sharon
that was my past j. c.
my friend's friend then is now my friend friend
some go to atend his wake like this
29 right
no one of year three's chinese i heard that it is some relatedship proplem also
just in addition may ~ i know maybe in addition to some academic privems
it should be under two because she seems to have get a warning then she chooses drop out
it seems to be year one
it seems to be i mean unless her direct entry because she was from sports camp what
it should be year one, otherwise it is maybe direct entry year two
for all the jump and hang one
not very sad
have what
i know it must be my but ok ok
i already feel that this sem is very afraid of people
very easy to talk about one
one point ya never mind
how many you last sem clear a. u. u.
there are many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many
don't take jap take jap, don't take jap
there is no depends depends to see what slot you choose
he is impossible for him one morning and one morning
no normally is two or two.
there is no two days, 8:30 after, i lost jap in the four days at 8:30
now level two
many people want to take jap but i think it's easy
it's not very easy to score
you can take korean
don't take
at that time i heard chris and said that i was laughing there over there
really really sounds like that one
i don't understand you just spamming on those words. you watched it and looks like the like english but nor english you just
that's photography, you spell
i have to go, so i want ask for nine more a. u.s for my
find your own trouble right
clear two more
already not bad
you go to check your degree audit
now you only have four exam papers
super slack
i don't understand a few paper
a nonaminabl
you are mastering
you are like this advance, my talented basic
my first stage
your clear one and two core
if you take jap
you used to be study in which school
you are s. c. g. s.
do you want to be a chinese teacher you should go s. c. g. s.
because the students are very poor and they and they need a lot of chinese teachers cautse teachers keep quitting
do you want to quit?
without me, i may try back to my own middle school
your middle school is what
understand the school's culture
not because my other is follow m. o. e.
you used to participate in what c. c. a.
uh, when i was in middle school, it was hua le's c. o.
yangqin ya ya ya ya
i was in badminton when i was in middle school
now you participate
like you q. p.
you did not participate in like sub comm block sub comm
you participate in right you as in you join
you will get five points like q.p.
it is distance points
with committee that has the highest point
he last year was best rookie
when i was starting, i thought when i came, i wanted ok maybe i would join more to get points but
what do you just write it down
because all my things are on
he looks like very enthusiastic
is shannon
what do you plan to do next?
next holiday
this holiday me too
right is it in winter
you go on the road, many trunny to pull you
there are many things to build
don't ask me why
i am still thinking about no i was thinking that
she will not choose hall five becaues
i put blinds for but.
miss good taste custard apple cake
not eating oil but actually no like
is there a sisters or brothers in your house?
just like
many did a lot of stupid things in secondary school
my other friend also reads the same block with him
very stunned
he has no record
in the morning, friday you get school or not
you door and you go in right then when you go in
wenhao trying for
what lesson
so long day
you guys
there is no but my uh course accordinator, there is no interest
he is a chinese teacher
mine is like u only comes once in
really, i haven't went to try yet
morning news dot co
i know very little people watch chinese website
morning news dot co
this way no what happen wat
because i didn't use my previous phone, i did not use me data plan then, i called them okay i think i need the data plan you can help me cancel
because i was my contract is uh my sister took it to sign for her phone
where do i know that in the end they still give me the data plan
he didn't want put it on drip today
really, i am not because i do n’t have outfield but out out also #si # 是
i cannot make* warning just now
i don’t understand if i see cannit warning then, just laugh
yesterday i read that news talking about newcastle
his eighty million will put him will lie to your money what
nobt anymore
i am still wondering if this sem will #tio #(ppl) ji*
he entered melanie jerald, he came in
every time he buyers he buyer, then, he feels that buying the kind of friend is back
who is he jojo
his striker
no one i remember a lot of lee
he can only play left side
there is micarichard
for micarichards
do sub
he is then*
you can only be started from gold card
you have to have that experience what
he has twice right twice
i don’t understand but he has a package
by to him, they are now sem room to study
i found justin zhongwei actually not
their gang
mixing both sides of calvin and yixian
which block do you know?
for but they are pretty discipline every morning, meet for breakfast
he was meet at nine o'clock
just now i heard that teo yi chong talked about that
you can't talk to n. n. t.
in this way, you can finish your f. y. p.
my f. y. p. i don't understand
it is not analysis, and maybe is discussion talk about talk about your results
that kind of part in front of sample
there are many onwards later
but then
there must be what
then you, you must talk about like how how your project deviate from your theory
you can copy theory theory
this is very similar to i. a. report
my. a. report is like this
every time i see like very early, very early
that bio clock screw up
there are sends, send to me
but he likes what
and after that
tsk
why didn't we do that conceptual design
i am wondering if they will be painized
if you can get him, ask you a lot of questions. and then, you can answer then, he will give you a full score
that he rumble
he will tsk i hope
he doesn't want him to look at the report then
he went to him to see f. e. m.
he is the lift
it's roll
you talk about must as well put the old man on the bed
because this person may be the leader
he did not come to lesson
every time he talks about what he doesn't want to come
my m. s. n. i only block alone
don't understand just block him
i think there is nothing that he isway, but i just block him
i don't understand when i went to see what the block was.
no because he is not online
no, i saw him online, there was one inserted there and there was a insertion
he will show that my block him
every time i do n’t care, i just threw down
because i have categories and they have a field, they
why do you two online together
no just try, maybe, i go back to unblock
he won't find my what
that day he told me that he went to balastier every time he worshiped.
i think it is because he thinks it is because
so i want emo too
at that time, you remember our soccer training then yiki
because we are not to go to middle school, i will tell him you miserable you
that saturday
you meet, you are late, you must be yellow card
he is because that his girlfriend is going to come to him every time he is busy
he last girlfriend, he seems to be cannot he is not the one in control
that l t, tuan tan tan tuan
no justin has a girlfriend anymore
belle but
to justin, i also asked me to go to swimming's polo
he, he, i don’t understand him just
he is very good
i don’t understand but i think, the woman likes him.
that woman i i think, she is not familiar with him at all
i think he i think wants
that yeah actually but
play a. m. then, he grabbed the ball. he played then. m. m. he always played d. m. he was also a pretty actually
no but its internet grab
isn't it if you can read that game
he is not out of pass
actually owen
just sit there with beber
he played the then after that right every game. he didn't score goals.
28 is a peak of a striker
without even, you don’t change the club, you are also bad
because the arsenal always rely on him
he wins barsona trible
with him playing winger
twenty -seven capsules
nothing now twenty nletha and twenty capsules
don't understand whether it is drop bar
you see beber
the entire season i think enters ten capsules
this year this year total i think
actually i think i should put actually. i think i should be roney
put beber and owen
he is not if he is not he unfar i think
not enough for but.
that liverpool has a strong center mid what every strong team of geral
there are him who runs and run the lose
mrs. one dimensional
i think it may be that he is quite out. i think he is too thin
i think so much i think he will make for three years for three years
no but
his standard is not so bad
sell nani to buy that siva
i think buyherbini is going to sell runberi
because he is flop
in fact, man u. i rarely buy star player
you see nani
buy flop
that newcastle will be warm up
that commentator is bad
i think tsk reads chinese comments. they are them are not
they would talk about like. when he saw that man fell, then referee shouted foul thenen, he said that this is a foul
is nike yeah yeah yeah
his criticise said that in the face of the gamea of that is the world of like man u.
he is talking about this is not event a championship
that one of man one of the
no offensively
if you haven't seen them really playing defensive
they really hit defensive, his mid fielder will not always press's house
in the past, all along was like this
he must play against the strong team, he played foor-five-one
at that time, i still played foor-five-one
i don’t understand but actually, i think the one of the best
it's just their front end
no, i think this kind of game should put him out first
there is a change, you can take
no theate you sixty
you let him go for him
kick to sixty minute, if there is a change at least, he will take chang
actually, i think if you have to play four-five-one
he puts ronney and hit him as left
without him just
he is temporarily his capability takes you to championship.
this kind of mutual
very strong to anderson
that roma's manager
that being man u. thrash
he hit four-one-four-one
he is the trap ball then four people rushed up to then.
and the brazilian
that brazilian
twenty -nineteen concede of concede
calculate five
i thought of december, i thought f. y. p.
i and i f. y. p.
make multiple av
i try, you thought i didn't have try too much
now i have a problem
i have a program, he can measure that
because i take a picture, you use that program to shoot the then from the computer. i'm wondering if the program will be accurate
i only took things so so my photos was j. peg
because your one is quantitative speed
you are grid
your grid here
magnifying but also
one raler
do it, let's take a picture together is raler
where can you use ruler to meet measure
it's not so i'm thinking about actual ~
he told me to use ruler to ask me to use ruler
so i am thinking of that
lazy email is going to find him
his through email is as good as i don't use email
he was doing that day i was doing that day
i want to take horizontal
you see the name of the two of them with the schedulele
he has talked about like, if i want to ask him, i want to ask him
suddenly i forgot what to do my set up
this way, the person of email's sembcorp said that hor started in september
i did that j. o. one last week
that micro machining that hasn't done it yet
i read that i decide reads sandy method
no, i watched a lot of a few
because there is no texts
there are as in
i live in hall five
i think school live is very boring
it's nothing to do at hall
sleeping in hall all day
except for reading, it is study study study.
many daily monday want to meeting
i don't know if there is i. h. g.
did not participate in too lazy
if they have time, i will go down and take a look at see the match
recently like tennis
just now you didn't see him walking around tennis racket
it should be pretty good and i heard that he looks like not bad
you go to see go watch the match must support
do you have join i. h. g.
go to ask ask artand
is there any other sports besides rugby?
english korean jap is just nice
that kind of club songs
fortunately, go to have fun occasionally
uh, go to future to double-o to just fun casually
which club do you go every time
go to such a multi -male all boys no girls
drinks over there is very cheap
really the cheapest is so cheap to buy a little more cheap
it should be very good mix english and chinese
wait a minute to go back to move things, go to home
as a result, we need meet friends at gym #sian #
rush to rush to rush
after a long time, it took me a few minutes to two minutes. two minutes
i don't know they should feel very boring
we are talking here so much crap
what to do too lay
tell him to one hour, so we can leave
i still have to rush to many places like this, so rush to go to rush and go to him, don't be faster
the same is to go to house for dinner
i don't know there is no plan yet
there is no holiday to start school without holiday
we do n’t have one month back every day q. p.
it's not enough to sleep, but also holiday
come to decipher
in this way, he knows that we are talking about so many crats here
we can countdown, although it is still a long time
really one hour
it should be almost all
what to write that form
stop later then see
and every one of my family is working, where can anyone have time to go abroad
also take leave
how to forget
but the system of apply for j. c.
where is this high tech
so the countdown is very slow
i found some email and asked them, but there were no reply
then the rests of the reply milk powder, do n’t want to do it, do n’t be troublesome.
it's just that make-up wants to don't care about milk powder, it's okay, it's all the fault of milk powder.
anyway, the milk powder will not come to decipher.
he doesn't know who comes from weird person
every time i have so many comments, there are so many strengths
but he has practiced got training
i am now join q.
every day, i still have to stay back to such a late
it's troublesome, so many things and everyone wants to have more activities like join
and they are the same person join like activites, do not understand how they do not need to read.
have you ever seen other cast members
how to find their make-up if you don't know
many things have to catch this rush
i won't be earlier to set timing, so
well, it looks like melissa
why is his clack very much like bad?
his beach wear are all good -looking
his tee-shirt does not seem to be able to wear it to beach or the casual wear like normal wear
very hungry hurry up
too hungry, faint
look at this unfair not fair
uh, go to play tomorrow
i heard it is a club
it's very much fun to go there to see take a look over there
almost j. c. dragon boat friend
they are really stinky clubber
it should be stop and there are 14 minutes
then he didn't understand what the two of us were talking about crazy people
fun very fun
i'm going to die the first one
ah, i am study in uh
wait a minute, your turn your turn
ah, you used to be study in which school
what do you like to eat food
two thousand six yeah but be that expensive right
understand marvin working on
ah for the next meeting the next meeting on eleventh
because that elevator is large enough, you can install they can bring all the props up at stairs at one time
if you before chineseneseneer can finish it, it is the best becape after chinese new year be all the full runs
ah, how do you change that scene
we want time
they will take how they take long to change the acenes
learn how to have stage presence.
they can take those frame stocks well
very good, you did very well for your first sem
i have always believed that you are if you are
strong yeah as in if you are very attached to them alreamy you will not
you, you live in the room, where will you sleep outside
school middle school poly
you are taught what what commitments or what what ministries do you
for so desperate every dayday
are you the only child are you the only child
can you see if you can you see?
i have seen photos never seen the real person
if she doesn't like you to talk very much about her feelings or emotions or why feeling like that
when you know a person for too long, you know that
a lot of the feelings in your heart share with each other
you can treat her as a friend try and treat her as a friend and
i used to study at pasir-ris secondary
uh he is chinese orchestra
zhong ruan is the very round a plucking string instrument is the kind of pop -up instrument
i am graduate
do the media some some media job that may be the media
yes, but i think
like to eat chocolate ice cream all through stuff
is there a very unhealthy but
this time i miserable, i think i will laugh for a whole hour oh my god
i will try my best to get all a. it is very difficult to be very difficult
because i listened to eunice is with milk powder. i think their conversation will be funny i realise. our we will also be so funny. oh my god
i have a younger brother is waiting for o. level results
i want to have my brother i want a brother oh my god
how could i be oh my god
uh, i want to have a brother, i don’t have to be bullied by my brother. oh my god
i can't get elective, you have extra
do you have extra elective, can you get it?
i think drop is a main matter because i don't want to take that lecture. i think of that lecture
that modules of then i want to drop out when i was afraid that when i added drop period, i drop then i went to get me.
there are time gap people ~ people have not arrived when i arrived, and i did n’t have add.
uh i don't know
it's really shy okay
what scene comes from actually
i am lina and ask us to go down at twelve.
i went to eunice then yesterday. as soon as i opened the door, she laughed to her sick
how can i start but i think, she has laughed at me all day long
how much is then he she said that he said three dollars that only three yuan.
i just don't want to go to school like noob's hair oh shit
not i think first wek no tutorial mine all start on week two
is it easy for you maths
i want to change course, i don't want to read chinese anymore
there is something that used to learn things. it is very a little bit asry simple these kind one
is it so strange that your last conversion speech was so strange? is it as this weird
you must ask his main topic him to blabber to go to a lot more
he said that he wanted to do it with hansley this time because he could talk about anime
as soon as he talked about anime, he was gone
it should be ace
i always feel that people who are listening to our conversation will laugh
stomach pain until cannot make it
because okay, the four of us went to see the then, the two of us were scared to die, and the other two were laughing to die.
i actually think kayan's speech is normal.
look at me a little strange mix
for the waiting for you, you have to do your q. p.
why is there no pure wood like you all will choose to you
for yeah they contribute are like twenty minutes to it almedy
my talk crap to my close friend can be like talk on the phone for crap for house
i j. c. i went when i went
uh shandong for two weeks during the holidays for those chinese exchange
actually, actually is tour touring the school and everything in two weeks
many time mostly is in tour around the country and all this
no such stagnant is over there
rarely actually i like friend like i like to go out with my like going with my friends
some of the pictures view of some country are beautiful but of some country. when you think you will go, you will feel a bit ugly, and many people in some people.
uh, many singapore when its like feastal period can never go orchard root
and there is no such high. you can’t see it before you are squeezed in the middle
how ten minutes is okay
and my brother is the same as you
he is also him just to see sight seeing
one mao two mao actually our play two mao four mao also. last time, i played a manchukai to kun kun and i also finished all the then
when i went back to see it, oh shit stun
i only play then, every time i play the they say like really just anyhow play one like just
i see him for a while, so sometimes i really can't touch the pass after i see the pass.
i played i think
he said you are gambling all day. in addition to mahjong, you also gamble a lot of things. right
there is no i have stay. i have stay. i watched me in his room. i watched then shenyan milk powder and wenhao.
i don’t know how to play actually actually, we have played game after that
he said that he could hear like a little bitless in a very polite and very nice way in the room
in the morning, xinli drive then xinli # long-bang # 我 eunice guan heng shannon milk powder
that's just back to hall for activity
uh those very very bungalow with those swimming pool and
it's not really the kind of small room that is the kind of antique sort of sort of the lord of the rings in his own room.
actually, a good style or something like that
i am the three quarter, there should be no exaggeration to see size same size, is it too big?
he said that only the house alone at least should have the they we like saying of eight million
there should be that kind of forcars
i have never stepped in and and i should never live in that kind of house
let's start with those first
uh andrea, then you call
just
i don’t know many of my friends. n. u.
to really
he didn't say you can go up and tell him hello. he was afraid
better than edwin
is there any eng by
i haven’t watched english movie recently without showing it to see you, but you have to watch the final designation
they are not good at it. yester yesterday, can-ning is not good at the good. i wondered.
just week
if you call chris, go with jun sheng
not tight i think s. k. look at then, let's call them to see
he wants to see but. i know that he knows that i dare not watch the then, he is okay
how do he know jackson, he understands jackson's name.
you are evil
who will not use computer
very boring, we go to books
do you like to play manga manga
okay, do you know what beautiful attractions britain has?
do you know what beautiful attractions have france?
only they use posts
then i don't want to go, so many people have graduate when i am graduate
because you are more than us half a year, what do you do
don't go to graduation trip
i go to sentosa to go to very bored, so i won't want to go
is there any favorite color clothes
what am i have?
because i think too much black or white will be very boring
where do you think singapore is the most fun
yesterday, he was doing his homework. he did it half of the time. he went out to then. i went out with s. k. he went out in the room. we thought he would take laundry
sometimes he wants to speak, then talk
right, then then mavis, he listened to him, the hell #sian # 对 对 对 对 对 对
we think so too because of like
it's just but because of the side of him, they are all attached
ah, i think sonia and jackson will pour that bed
don't, that room will be very narrow, i think
wait for the next time there is a neighbour downstairs on the neighbour complain.
because we were playing with razar at that time, they were playing shadow hunter
they are teach sec four chemistry and then i think #wah-piang #
then i think it will be quite difficult because of what we learn actually a bit not
you can talk to sonia like this
because is different right then sometimes we do
i dare not teach so much about the big
i have never been like this because i have never taught primary one that i have only taught primary two then primary two to teach like for a month or two.
just talk about what you just laughed and said. he said that it was not just natalie. when she left, i didn’t go to say this to her.
i just think mavis is very # zai # she goes back to hall then after that every night and go home late at night
it's embarrassing to have a cough.
because i went to rena and did not know what to do with him.
because stop playing shadow hunter
uh, you will #sian # every time we are talking about death, you don’t have to play.
maybe it's your two two people because i and hiongkeong, we may go home
he may go home by driving.
i don't know but then i am thinking again
the person he is driving must usually be the driver's then.
i don't understand the then i don't want him to go to clubbing because he is waiting for him to drink
there is no way friend razar, he must contain
the two of you who go to club poker will definitely need club
why didn't i return to tar
i know you want to say with your boyfriend but at least to let me know a call
if you can't come up, he talks about okay
so okay, then family they real never ask me
now there is such a big family, there is no right
look for such a big so
he said, ukay but i have always to spend with her i working that
i think norman is good to her. what is norman?
just say that every boy sleeps every day, playing game all day to sleep all day
i know he said that norman every time you play game then, otherwise go to play mahjong before going to bed
anyway, he goes to n. s. there is no chance
i am pretty good, i am very envious of my friend.
how about keep a relationship for four years, i think keep is a bit scary for half a year
that is like a few years later
i don’t understand then, every time i am because my friend is in australia then, she tells her back to see my boyfriend
a know were you in the photo but rena they all was in the photo thenen he sat here then then the three girls here then see already was like fing was like
the right is the snake but my friends know so they see the picture is all girls around him
he does not believe his facebook
hongyi's vice chair but then is ka-tat ka-tat want right
i think hongyi is a bit scolw up him
i don't know that then i listened to me very shocked
to then
ah he asked her in her right white guy wanting to go out most with
he is g. l.
i don't understand the then's c.
he has not chose main props somomore
you main props # zai # you are okay
small we have a batch one without # zai #
he originally asked siongian, who had done siongian, said #siao #
two a. c. g. l. it is useful
because he wants a senior, he is afraid of him
he himself knows that they must be scolw up
they sonia recomge
that is to say, he will do but have a problem and he will not ask someone to ask someone
we do n’t have a we do not have the no. do n’t even choose kienning.
none of those senior wants to go back
because the main prop can't do it, you did it right, no way, he said no way
she looks like like
some people will be like this actually i am also me and i speak
i am a wentson every time i help me tell me because he knows that i can't talk about it.
even more tiring, they are still sleeping than you, you are still groaned there
do not do p also not in the new committee
he wants concentrate i think he want to go in-lastp
he has said that he wants to pass u. k.
i know the bigger one, see talking talking talking
i don’t understand that you may be more loud record in
do you want to drink water and you are very thirsty and far away?
each of the people in our there is that each person in the jackson room must be contagious, jackson itself is cough
you are almost the same at that room
they are all f. y. p.
is this the commm engine, so they are doing compute
anyway, there is nothing to do.
i am friday
mine is c. s. they are easy to talk about
our back to my friend said that you can copy
just like the like need so honest but
do you think there are any rebel in your graduation trip?
a tour takes you away
no, you won't feel that alcohol a little bit is
if you drink alcohol, do you just have a consciousness when you are drunk.
find a tour guide like this to take us
how to say it is very common for you
because we all go to k. l. we did not go to penang because too far away alreamy
his shopping center very cheap is cheaper than johor
then we have to go to the sunway lagoon but i don't like to play water, so let's talk about gossip there, i have a few friend
i don’t understand that there is ice skating there
then i prefer gossiping is a few female friends together
what time is your last gossiping
find a friend who is looking for you and come out to gossiping
find singapore friends
milliliter the one back from russia
so a few of you have to go to russia further study right
do you usually stand alone?
if you call you with your friend study, you will be with your friend
the schedule you read
it is in a theater that it is very perfect.
some of the songs you blow, i don’t have familiar so some are what i have never heard of
this looks like you
there are not many holes
so how do you go to make sure, you have to blow like that holes
in this way, when you are blowing
will compare the treble i see? will it be like this?
it's too late to blow again and want press practice makes perfect
you can connectrate on standy
what is point
worked that things for a target would be very hard
he just wants to raise sex yeah
are they not internet?
when you perform, there are some of those instrument what is that
that ordinary is it like
the glorious is bass
can you darmonica do not do the bass?
that instrument, you seem to be the kind of mostcommon
can't achieve bass's learning bass
in this way, he has taken a piece of something there. what is the percussion?
you also have piano right with piano
that piano's voice is already very wellfully blended into your voice so we can’t hear the normal should be a normal
because he can't hear it, he has microphone piano
what is but pian ~ that pianist has seen it? he is not very busy
i think your conductor's movement is very good -looking
then the whole content is very sleepy
it is also something similar to concert. they are not so so fancy. those moves. you conductor is really experienced
they are the champion of the world
i have seen you on the other side
yes, you call them very confident.
what do you have those you have to have different color without i mean? what does it mean?
the right is very good, standardized, you, you are very formal.
i also fill in feedback form
is there any common
just what common i see is there for your entire performance
i participated in folk dance at that time, and then we had a camp like this
then every friday night after our lesson, we will go to practice those dances
then those dances were taught by senior, and then i seemed to have seen the indian dance at that time on the new year.
at that time, a senior named ruquan learned from sarawak to teach us.
then every week we are also like you have practicing but not as if performing.
then, at that time, i was dance skills and dance technology.
in the morning, there will be some dances in the morning.
the new or those new members of juniors and then we have a camp to learn to dance.
we have one, please come in to teach us those instructor outside
we are also an activities of in charge of fridays
then we learn to compare different because our teachers teach all the folk dance is the kind of earth -dance.
we have different learning.
study a little because we do n’t have that standard to learn those dances we are all very relaxed
our leader has talked about who wants to go to join modern jazz
they can come to our folk dance group to practice some of those basics after the skills that are basic because modern jazz wants interview
you can't talk about this because our styles are very different and then and modren jazz for modern jazz right
go back to practice late and come back very late. in fact, i think they are well practiced. they are very strict, so they are relatively high.
if you want to enter, whoever you want to enter, we do n’t have to stipulate that every one of the five members is to come because we do n’t have a target that we are going to perform.
we are just a group
then our camp is also very few people come to but
then it will not be very difficult nor will it make us feel very stress
because we are not like other dances very complicated. we are just simple simple
who is suitable for who is not suitable, but those who go to elect ~ election are the only right
just for the first activities, i think it is a new batch of dance instructor
because they are very good at memorize those dance steps, after at that time after activity, i asked guo jing
before guo jing, you taught the sub-com of those dance dance instructor. have you ever learned those dances and said that he would not teach them without me.
that is, guo jing has a little nervous. he is just the first time that he can speak in front of so many people
without us, we are just a small group. everyone is just relax. there is no very stress to say something big.
two people come to join our camp but but of five or six sub-com so plus main-com altogether
i don’t understand if there will be camp to depends on that committee to decide this year
only three hours yeah like this
this way s. o. give those points so it is difficult to decide
twelve, so but us
our previous preparation will not be bad or less, and we have to prepare a lot. we also have a lot of preparations. they also need to put a lot of effort so. it seems that someone can go
it ’s hard to determine if you do very little things, so i think it should be an event
they don’t understand yeah, you can say this, yes, yes
it's just a little portions, for kaihua right first year. he also took three five points
you just know why because of the first time for our activities, there are actually many people who come to but
because everyone will not dance, unlike you, you, you, i do n’t want you to learn harmmonica, you harmonica for a long time, just we want to use our body limbs
you just use those skills in fact, in fact, these two things are very different. some people dance and dance.
some people will not dance but dance but at least you have those things
they are all in learning
do you want to take time but some things are born in your life that your limbs are hard like it. it's hard to go.
uh, now term start, when many people come in from the beginning, i like to be going to going like this.
because everyone has their own communitynt, you want to comerte, you can for your band right
you have always been your practice. you have always learned slowly. we are a lesson today.
then finish we next time, like again because of three hours
of course
there are practicing but. we will always renew
you are a song and teach a session
because mass mass, there are actually some members reactions
the teacher taught is too old fashion
the teacher hasn't been to our activities
two times are our leaders that are taught by our senior to teach
then limit
your harmo ~ yeah
your harmo ~ group is you who have your own main committee right.
you are the one i think, you band has one
you have main committee in your own band
we do not have one main-com that does not have a main-com, the leader you
he also has an event for chinese society.
that m. a. f. mid-autumn festival mid-autumn festival's butlet we are different portfolio
i am secretary and financial controller but.
and first set, i taught lock punk to help me borrow the first aid kit. do you talk to find first aider or use first aid kit?
uh, no good hui said that if we do n’t need our chair, i do n’t need it. if you do n’t need it, there is nothing to do.
i hold it myself, and no one should be injured
unless i burned to the fire, i don’t know if i should call ambulance. how to say
mei maybe is a more serious but
i don’t understand why it is easy to get up. it ’s that you used to have something that happened.
to make a meeting to record the last time questions, there is no solver yet
records some of some unsolved problems
he has a record and then i have send minutes for him
our chair said that in fact, very few people are looking at minutes. i actually feel that i will forte
in fact, everyone also sounds like maybe this minutes are just for a reference for for the next committee
then, in fact, everyone also understands that when you have anything to do, when i remember it, i would say that this thing was unsolve.
then they did not do well, they did not know what they knew themselves, they knew themselves.
then, in addition to minute, i also have to do those accounts
those receipt helped them claim money
this way your own portfolio
because because they may have some account before, because what yunan garden is said to be a very pressure
at that time, they had talked about why they couldn't use fire there
at that time, i talked about our chair and vice.
he used to do this event so before he could use stove at that time
so it was jiahua at that time to do a main com, you can do
he may be that camp five is very close to yunanannan garden, he may do it there, and then bring so many workers anyway
anyway, i think, your portfolio food store
i think stage will spend more time, they still have drama very few people?
you have seen them after saying that i also performed last year
in this way, they only recorded 60 percents at that time
you go to interview and take a look first
because he was vice experience last year, there will be more
otherwise, you will run m. a. f.
i didn’t go to join.
if you have done it before, it will be an advantage
i don’t know if i want to go to join my sub-com. i am afraid of being busy.
because i do the financial controller of the economics society again, and but i have a special event.
we are the project in december
i don’t know if i have to go to hong-kong
last year you were your school's sub-com right right, and then you will feel that sport will be busy than last year.
the person who interview the interview is also same person. he is main-com? will you remember you?
you are all in his shortlist
it's as if you can go to recruit to do it?
if your friend must also support you, your friend must also support you. are you going? we go to voting.
and what you can do, some achievement, i have heard my previous lady boss, just say it
my lady boss's lady boss i used to work before. at that time, we were not in the election. our country has a candidates in our lady boss.
why did he have such a multi -person party because he was very smart.
i have seen america
i do n’t understand that when we vote right, we did n’t have voting at that time. i went to n. u. s.for n. s.
and they main com has an about sixty, i think how to go to depends it depends, just have a good one
i only have i have a cross, but i just vote for the opposition ticket.
i don't know n. u. s. main-com main, they didn't know us n. t. u.
this is the focus of the way, voting maybe, i don't know them.
i don't want to vote them
so they can choose not to vote, so when i calculate the ticket, i see a lot of empty but i think okay
what do we want to doandand?
because we are portfolio, in fact, my portfolio i speak to tree age, and after speaking soon and then we are chatting. we are chatting.
then programmer, i also talked and then later, then we then go to the top and then go, then go, then go, i will leave, i will leave
and our president does not come to then, our president, he seems to be s. u. special event p. l. camp's chair.
hui min huimin is chair, then he chose the championship to vice, so p. l. c. camp was the two of them who went to recruits.
five points is enough i think without six points.
chiayi because they do not have choose to apply with an with a singaporeans, if you want to get a room
not necessarily, i can choom mate yeah but i my roomie cannit maybe she, i can not get the room
really i see huh, so i have it
i told me roomie's past join activities.
at the beginning i told her that this can be said that she can tell
no one tells her about those things she does not understand her own distance points. there are somsses that some of them told her to go to join.
yes, the social social social social social social social social social social social social social social social social social social social's social someone took extra points with extra points
at that time, i went to recruit sub-committee of school. he also said that if you are a very active, you think you can give you the entire group of lead. they will give extra points but
so i have to go to recruits this year, and then i have to do the hall rep of the hall rep for # angsisa #
i should now be because i told vice at that time, and then he said that because new hall also rarely had senior. at that time, he asked me who was going to be my partner. then he originally said that it was yours.
at that time, that pang told me where i was looking for zhao you knew that he lived in middle hall again.
you have been but, you are still out of his terrain
i think it's fun hall rep, you can know many people because at that time, enxin told me she say
then there is a combined suppper which i mass send one malaysian gathering m. s. d. malaysian sport day what
you have been a long time ago, when this year is the next year, the next year about march in march.
i don't know this because they actually have many new job scope like yesterday told me that that she is secretary and the financial controller.
this can be more at attracts
he thinks that no one is going to forum now, except for those teenagers who just learned to online
although it is very old fashion's thing for us
fresh thing so so we should not keep him from falling out of it.
you can hardly make those member active your forum
we have facebook but since you already have facebook that facebook is because our facebook is called a collapsed house
we already have that facebook. so we are not going to take care of the two facebook. the photos also upload on both sides.
that's why we talk about outdate's news that we go to green island, green island maybe forum
it can be said that there is a topic that those latest news can attract everyone
they are about to start this five worship, so su ling is remind. i want to see it. at that time, it was because of that.
it's facebook. he is a new function.
i don't think there is any functions because i actually went to apply because at that time, we vice we said that there was a access together with the access together.
it's all chinese's translate cannot i think, you can not then know how to use the facebook and do facebook
it is a function our own facebook
that is, you can understand your friend like a picture.
it's not that we ignore is all the message. at that time, send mail will have mass mail maybe. you have no notice
because at that time, he talked about for m. s. a. their main-committee they had more than 60 people because they included their hall reps
if the butl rate is not going to meeting
their main coms have more than thirty people and their secretary has two financial controller.
burden things that can be reduced can be done better
our chair has always said that we have already been from before until now
take a little time so pang has this willingness to go to a different
you have to talk about your opinions on annual general meeting
the large -scale is very good medaka night, and after that, there are me and i have always listened to the drama who have been playing them.
i only understood that m. s. a. got this kind of event
they said that they can order the vice of the chinese new year ticket.
other like ipoh penang told them to buy it by themselves
because they will confused, because they go home when they go home at that time, they can't receive the money. they will pay them by themselves.
because they have talked
because in december and january, there was only this problem last year. this year will not be holiday so this year. they said that they are talking about them now.
didn’t you talk about in the last few days of our recess week?
it's not for you shopping why butress week
because next year will be late. i don’t understand whether the mid-autumn festival will be on recess week.
they mean this is benefit
what are the after after youth olympic then can use
everyone is living in the new new renovatd room. it is not very good. those tables are new brand.
the bookshelf will fall down. you have seen that photo fion
it seems that i also said that when i went back to the room to do it that day, i did n’t have a box of lecture notes.
then i also shook my bookshelf to see if he would be very good, then i found out that quite stable
who is bend?
that table will bend
you have stepped on it without stepping on i i think you need to stand the table. your bookshelf is so low. i think it's cute.
do you go to the then then how is it how is her room, you will go to the novel room
what to do?
because i think the blog right of the dovetail told him that his group liu shengshi celebrated him
because yesterday i encountered a sloppy tail and then the told me that that his junior poured his whole bucket of water on him
nor does it be very at least, you gathering will come, and someone will come and then then then then.
if you are here, you also have to do how to do to say then he get five points or not
time consuming is very time on a plane
you have special reason hall four is quite nice hall four four also hall twelve mr. yip
because he is the vcair of special event
you come over and then the hall four officer is very good again that he lives in hall fifteen because he thinks that hall four is dirty and dark.
then hall five's sound insulation system is very bad
the person in the room on his left
it is not his lucky draw to have a big prize at 10:30
in fact, he is a very good leader
a big man cry
just when he was very moved, we made fun of him, then he said that this is not a tears. this is not to be touched. real.
different, there is no saying that maybe they also have help. the leader of that leader is what he looks like him.
that night they also won the biggest prize. i haven't watched talent night do you know how to find. where can i find?
i haven't seen it yet. i haven't seen it. i just saw i pro. i think i project that i pro cluedo.
i think it's funny, they just play the shadow zhenyang of junior. they are afraid that he is afraid to go away
it's all just on shake's hand but to grab his hand and grab it very tightly.
not necessarily, but you still take hall ten
i still think hall twelve is the best hall
i have never been to ladies.
in this way, you go to hall two take at the pioneer bus to worship
it is last time, you take photo
no need to be a food that sells food. i think at that time
what japanese fish is not also a the japanese file this afternoon, so he calls you, you are interesting
i think it's very flash. this thing hasn’t been seen
maybe he is doing the other side to sell. sales is very good. come here. maybe. i can only sell last year. i did n’t sell last year. i did n’t go to games programmer last year. i ca n’t go to other other i can go
it's as if you can try a maybe like one. one is not that there is no reply. what food is you?
just that email invalid email address invalid, he has no heart, so it is not he made by himself.
still his sales is not high enough
because you all understand that i like travele and then i think this is a rare opportunity and because i don't think i can go abroad to play in the past four years.
what is the course you read your subject, your subject,
so if you choose to go to have exchaange then, what would you read less?
but i think you want to let you go to balance, you want balance your future because you will definitely have overload after you come back.
so why don't you have a propram of my foundry attachment
you want to go to china to foreign country
you talk about your sole
it has been said that although i have done the part time but of the part time but for so many years.difficult communicate
then i discovered that i was very good, and the one seat beside me actually is a newcomer so.help me answer and solve my privem and teach me a lot of things
you may think that we are all chinese and then you think that nothing no cultural disphence but i, i think there is still a little bit of language communication and dietary habits. i think there is a lot of difference
will they be compared with oily in general
so uh, you are going to china before
your dad, your father is there.
because my g. p. program takes arths so i visit a lot of plane like mongolia
yunnan then, you like yunnan because i know to yunnan also
and i think yunnan is a good place to because it is very different from singapore. then he is very large and there are few people.
then i think you will feel more relax when you go to travel. what do you want is what do you want is you want to related. x yourself
i think the place where i am the most attract in yunnan is the sky there because the sky is very blue and it is very very big
let's talk about the dormitory life. you are a malaysians what i am also a malysian then what do you think about the hour in n. u. u.
do you think the hall's sub -system is so good
so so so, i mean that the most important thing is that the most important point is not how many activity you take is the positions you take.
so so you only have hars in the past four years, so how much do you have one point
right is i think i am a final year student
he is the internetal students, and he is an indonesian and then he has a event.
uh, because he is in a friend’s room, because he can apply legal squat now
because of each time many people illegal squat and then, they will be caught by hall and and then.
but i still feel very hard for his friend. he also has a hard work for the personal space of enogh
in fact, i think not back, then because its more colorful and then the furniture
so if you use it if you open it
you rarely open air-con
as a result, you have lived in sixteen for the past four years
to our five five of us
maybe this is a bit like this is not like in the school, it is much different from working in school it will be more tougher.
so it is really we have to do everything because our boss will teach us to do it
in fact, because you understand that i like travel very much, i will have graduate i will go to the united states i already join the work and travel program and i alream get the approm them
because i and two other secondary friend go to the same together because our parent not allow us skip the convocation so will we come back
to us and we, we may end our work and travel programs before that convo
now that we are not sure of all not being confirm so we are still planning what to do
for actually the f. y. p. presentation the f. y. p. presentata in the second week of may we will leave singapore.
then we will work in the amusement park
so you after graduate is that you are looking for a job
with my experience
because our f. y. p. whole year and then in last holiday i start to choose my f. project so in the first two weeks
he can have commonments so with your professor
you can be very confirm you get a f. y. p. project already right after that two weeks then, you will start writing
so you don’t have to worry about how he chose pure on the on your lucking
so you can start to approve to the problemor
so it is computer balloting
because my project is oxidative digration of organize pollutants actually. pollutants in the wasttwater from the industrial
that's why they flow into the river, they will dstroy our environments
yes, and now we are my project, the main purpose is uh
it is actually from a from the previous jorn from the previous journal, and then we know these organic pollutants are very sensitive to the oxidant, so why why the oxidant is so why the oxidant is so why the oxidant?
we will use a oxidant to be called ozone to oxidize these pollutants
so it is oxidative degradation of organic pollutants
then we have to speed up these degradations
my main objective of my f. y. p. is to find the best catalyst
because there are actually many types of catalyst, and then we want to choose the best catalyst
there are many things and there are many things that need explore.
i haven't thought of this because of this because of the one because i will go to american and then
so you have already figured out who you want to live with you. are you a family here? i think is best to find some boys and some boys
so because there are not too many unknown unknown, so wait until i come back before setting
without me, i only stand a axon mobile but
maybe it is because that company is very depends on your academic results, so i think the person who is for second interview is the first class second upper
then i just happened to be in the middle of the remote border, the middle of the second upper and the second lower, so i just don’t have that chance to interview.
they actually pay attention to academic results and during the recruitment days.
uh, i am looking for but
uh, because it is exam period recently
flower i i i spend too much time on it
like me i also take four exam
so i want to save money so in this december i will
so what is planning in december
so next semester, you are totally without subjoint, but you are just
you are just spend off your time on f. y. project
you have no lecture at all
you have no lecture at all
if you don't have clear finished
the last semester complete
but i think this is also very good. you can concentrate
like me now, i have to do class and do it f. y. p.
there may be f. y. p. what else will you do outside the project
you uh yeah
because it is very historical, it has a lot of historical and antiques, and its buildings very special
go to one day or two days
if you are looking for a short journey
no us is going to eat chendol
i don’t understand if you understand that malacca has a very famous chicken rice.
with that malaysia eric is now in malacca.
it's also very close to that red red house
the red house is area then, you can see because malay malaysia ice is very large
i have been sitting because there is promotion for students right so last night night there, my secrets
because he is studying in australia
but i think it is ten dollar
it can be try because of the normal price is around thirty orgy somethings ten dollar is very cheap
so now i do n’t find a job now, and you are now there are only these two weeks now
you will prepare prepare your exam
uh, because i now take a pro subject called
i now take a subject called active pharmaceutical ingredients
he is talking about drug, so he has diffrent kind of drug
each different drug has different functions and their advantages and disadvantages
because this semester does not need to stay at hall next year, i have no time any activity at all
i already think final year is busy enough
then i have taken a tennis lessons
because i really want learn something new
just i have the change
because you know that tennis has a big court and
and that racket is also very expensive
actually tennis you want many technique because tennis does not want badminton because tennis has a certain weight
so you want you to have you, you want learn
then at first i felt that tennis was easy, but i found that not so easy as you think
so what will you have to hobby when you are at hall
or do you have any hobby
seeing youtube is also your hobby
because i sometimes happen at night at night
i will think jogging is very good at night because
there is no sweat that sweat that there is that
it's very similar to refresh, you can start reading after you pass the whole person and then you can start reading
then the weather is at night
i live in actually # batu-pahat # is very near to
and the bean paste cake has been on channel eight
what i know is that there are a lot of singaporeans who will go there to crawl
then actually
very small right
the theater is very large and yeah one time before yeah er right
we go to clubbing
later, i celebrated with my parents and then
for so many years, where do you think you are a birthday celebration that makes you most memorable
so nineteen years old
why is why
i don't know if you talk about the seaside, i think of malaysia's seaside is beautiful
because i know to tioman before pulau tioman
underwater world is another view of world
and on the seaside, i think because you will leave from the outside world because you will be separated from the outside world
so last time i remember when i was going, i was taken night bus, so you like your ten o'c o'clock bus then you are there when you get there
right in johor state
so if you think you think pulau perhentian pulau tentang, you can go to pulau teng pulau tioman
because of bali, the wind there
the wind there is too strong there. they are suitable for playing
there are many turtle there
that is very amazing because i think i think
you are usually difficult to see animal especially in the singapore
singapore i know to easy coast b. b. q. before
you can only window shopping then, because the price there is not we can
uh the united states, so i think the prior very reasonable i think i think will attract a lot of
it should be very suitable for the whole family with friends to go to anyway sentosa with friends
i think the t 4tpensive
because the theme park's ticket only costs forty -five ringgit then, you can play for whole the party for other days
i am going to the us gambling city las vegas
i didn’t see that kind of casino in the cloud top
then i also play some game myself
i play that twenty jack
so you often have you still go, where do you go and play in malaysia
you have been to penang
because i like to eat malaysia's local foods like laksa rojak chendol
the cheese surface of especially the cheese is because their sauce uses tomato and then in malaysia to use ketchup
we are still more prefer malaysia food
his taste is different
for my grad trip
i can't go anymore because of this u. s. a. already spend alot of money
i will already be in the united states travel
so i won't go to grad trip again, so you will go to grad trip
you will go to course mate with your friends
tibet actually is a nice place
last time i was at g. p. exchange when i.
because i have been to taiwan with my friends before
then i think because
then because i think i like hualien a lot
because it was winter at that time, it was dark soon.
then then, when we were missing a bus then
then we are in my friend just wait beside the roads and then
we have waited for we wait for the bus any
later, the uncle took us to go well
that store's owner is good to take us where we are going to go
and when i was going to taiwan at that time, i was to taipei also
that new year eve's celebrations in
when you went to taiwan at that time, do you have to compare the increleening place
taiwan's food is delicious
i started to find a new job
i will not try to find a job
no because of because i set, i am in my stay place is near to new york
their net work will be more slabs
if you don’t want to do this, you may not be able to have my programme fee and my daily life costs
because the living expenses of new york is relatively high
then like me
he has taken to my
we also we book air t 4
my name is guo xue fang, i am here this year
in the first year of reading, in wee-kim-wee school of information and communication
then live in hall fourteen
the single -person room is the first year of firstear.
maybe play and play, because this holiday will have a game be ~ between the halls
i have no volleyball tried, but my hand is very painful
at that time, i went to sentosa and hit it once.
compared with my helping hall to play netball, basketball, and swimming
there is canteen one canteen
it doesn’t seem to be like my name english is quek, but some of my uncle, they are not sex.
don’t, otherwise it is different spelling
they said it seemed to see where the nurse ppl who helped you live
one with, then we still have ng n g, and it is also yellow
school the school
it is a small builting
it seems to be close to school of biology science
study ba ~ basics of communication as if we want us to pay more attention to talking to others, what should we do and then pay attention
how to pass the message effectively that you want to convey
some news writings, some news for newspapers or radio, etc.
just when third year, we will becialise
you can go to journalism and go to the newspaper.
or advertising and then you will go to advertising agency in the future
television work, broadcast, otherwise it seems to have an additional communication research
most of the graduates, if they specialize in the communication research, they will continue at school
reading masters or the like
it should be spectialize advertising
because we have some assignment and then it is limited to us for a week
every time i receive this assignment, everyone feels very stressed
i have always received a lot of reject email and said no
at that time, there were three assignments
then i know the contactal.
there is volunteer too much so
fortunately, some people basically call them first and ask them if they are free or empty. take them back to email address
then write the questions i want to know, just tell them that i have time to make them time prepare. it seems that i need some information and then he can find it first
there is no need to copy if there is a recording
then see if there is something in the middle of the topic of the interting, he will continue
how should the news?
then if there is no background information, they will be wasting his time
they are all compared to project based
one editor may be two hundred two hundreds fifty words
i would use ppl before i thought i would go to n. i. e.
there are a lot of choice and then start explore. what can he do?
then i see this mass communication seems to be quite interesting
my room mate, she just goes to n. i. e. be a teacher
because she lives there is also convenient because my hall is close to n. i. e.
it seems that four years is also
then they will be sent to primary school or secondary school when they are
in fact, there is no difference between high school?
it is cambridge's o. level
from there, you can choose you to go to junior college
still polytechnic institute of technology
then if you go to high school, it is actually like secondary school.
just read those subjects in depth, but if you go to polytechnic, you are more like a university
our high school
it's junior college, they are only divided into arts and science
then i found that my science is really bad
so i put my physics because it has a division
different levels are easier to one more difficult
so i was originally difficult to change so as it was easier to change it
then my geography is better so, so i change that difficult to change that is difficult
then this way is transferred to arts
in fact, in singapore, i think high school. what do you read with university?
it's like engineering
the easier so if i come to engineering, i may not be able to eat it
go there every week to presentation
then, in fact, the content of that presentation is not very important
after your present is over, the teacher thinks he can believe your point of sleep is taken asleep
there is participation
because one of them is assignment
our ass mass is just talking
choose a topic and then you want him to give you a minute for you to think about what you want to say
then let's talk about it and then the topic he chose is pretty good to talk about everyone
it's like getting the entire class
very relaxed and then have a better understanding of each other
i feel fortunate now i took this course because
you must read what you like if if ~ if you study what you like
actually, i thought i just heard this project. i thought it was in my school
it sounds like communication
it's like robot is like this
in fact, most of my home is speaking.
at least in my school and then art
then come here to enter the count of my master
he asked me to read the chinese newspaper. i said that i don’t want the chinese newspaper.
because he said that because i was in high school in middle school, i didn't need to take chinese when i was high school high school. in fact
every week i told me to read the chinese newspaper to read the chinese newspaper.
then that semester just passed that semester, because my roommate is a malays, but she is a half malays and half chinese.
then i never learned so i got here n. i. e.
do you go to take malay class and then go to take
its sentence structure is very different from english
it's opposite
it's like my house
he doesn't use direct translation to house my, so i use it very chaotic and then do a lot of words
senior citizen
to so, he is fifty, fifty -seven this year
that integrated resort
for the majority of shopping mall, just sentosa
i have only underwater world more than ten years ago.
there is an underwater world, then what is butterfly park
maybe three or three tourist attractions
there was a big fantansy island before it seemed like a theme park.
but it seems that too many academy
reconstruction sentosa seems to be its beach
then there are still hotels?
that marina city hall
then recently there is esplanade again
the two durian shells of the concert hall have heard
actually because what i say here is so urban
there is no leisure, and in fact, in that marina, he built that flyer is is part of a big plan. there are a lot of things to build a garden in the air.
then the marina barrage was built again
that's the con ~ control
don't let it flood the water of the river
the new wave can basically rely on tourists to calculate the money, so everything can be turned into tourist attractions
so that flyer is basically part of it
because some people say that if you go now, you can only see construction
there is nothing good to talk about
most of them are indables
all are factory and the like
singapore is more happy
it's just its beach before
he like quite, they just went last week
they also put that volleyball
that stick is there if i don’t understand if they have the internet, maybe the internet may bring myself or what because i see one with a net, one without a net.
just opened skating
that's close to orchard
usually go to gopping
if you are in your mood, you will find a few friends and go to picnic
look at places such as east coast picnic
go to shopping when it rains
sometimes i go to the sentosa sentosa because you play the ball and then take the sun all day.
there is one in pasir ris
maybe the only place in singapore with rollercoaster
they said that sentosa's comprehensive entertainment city will have the highest in the world
attitude with them
at that time, when i was choosing a school, i wanted to go abroad to read.
see if you can go to exchange
is plain
that day, i and my hall's friends said that they said
because this time holiday has no time to go abroad
we originally wanted to go abroad to thailand or the like
there is no time to come out, so we say the next semester
holiday because three months can then go abroad and want to go to taiwan
just eat it and then eat and sometimes buy books and so on.
fortunately, transport, i live in school
so be sure to live in hall
there are a lot of hot pot restaurants over there, many four sichuan spicy pots, because you know the bugis subway m. r. t.
it's a shopping center
they seem to have a little ambitious
it's not so city
most of them went to malaysia, but at that time when i was reading high school
because that is anities trip
bring those students who read arts
to understand think, there are a lot of history, so go there
and follow the teacher and then in a group, and then they take you as if you should travel with the group and you should go by yourself.
contact locals
let's look at its mosque to see its previous city think greece thought greece
because of the one tour, because it actually feels very different because half of turkey is considered half of australia, it is considered to be right or wrong, and there is no europe at all.
i went to greece and went to turkey.
how does it seem to be so exciting
before the beginning of semester, i went to thailand with a few friends
it is very fun to ppl in phukit, phuket because it is over there
in fact, the whole place is very tource
basic english they will
it seems that you are going to its island, you can walk on the road that day, and then there is a booth that seems to help you pay back the money.
our singapore online
then some online set cheaper
should be going, because you can then you can
just do the boat i think, i think there is a boat every day
and this holiday is actually the best time to go to phuket because its weather is good
so it's easy to go to other islands and then you can swim to snoccer.
because schedule is different
less than hundred dollars
because that budget airline is really cheap
just spend the whole trip
we seem to take two air asia
there are a few air asia
these three for jetstar
booking a room can beline search
then it seems to have a website
it is a list of hotels p-u
this this website has to tell you what you can do to go
because it has different beach there, and then
see what the holiday you want
the beach we go to is a patong but there are many nightclubs.
there is only one airport there and then
just take taxi and there are many taxi over there.
it's aloha
i think there is a rooted pool
this is quite close to that beach
scared i thought what
you used to be study in which school
you used to participate in what c. c. a.
you plan to take what specialization in years
why do you negative your count
what do you plan to do next?
you will go to overseas exce
what do you like to eat food
what do you have hobbies
what do you like songs
and or singer
you still want to learn any other thing
what kind of resolution for tworo one zero
next year you want stay in hall
there is sisters or brothers in your home
participate in club school club for year one
participate in hall's committee
go abroad to bali with friends
if you want to go
i don't like just i don't like to eat bean sprouts
what is sports without into?
i want to learn malay
of course, i hope i can stay in hall
what is he message you
i think the first questioning right
originally, i wanted to talk about my secondary school
to that is u. e.
just three a. u.
just choose one more like
very dream
now k. o. sleep directly
tired of too much k. o.*
i ate subway at that time
i wrote that stupid paper
no. 2 is soccer soccer in j. j. c.
go but
i heard that there is a bus
no steamboat because
go to count double together
i just talked about those like seence right
i don’t know how tend to like
there is certain sentence
that blue is very bright
i look forward to the friend of i meet up that day
go to k. l. follow the genting for nine days
because two two families two side of family
there is a viking to three hundred sixty degree
it is the the whole boat inverted
i think viking is very good to play, but i watched the video, i just like
i like biking then because your feet will be very soft when that comes down
but i will be very dizzy. i watched what i see because i don’t see such a feeling.
but you can also give them right
in a small place, not really the whole theme park
that scream park is not really, the whole theme party was from scream park
i told them three people to go to the screampark
don't be all vote, don't want it
animal i think hum like a mini-zoo
i don't want me, don't go to screampark
i'm tired of i think
near five minutes walk
many things over there are endlessly cheap
i don't understand i think
our but
wait for the outlets of check like k. box or something
just the beach road road's bugis side
because of their website
this is study aid
i don’t understand the name i have read charmaine
she is cheer over there
i have seen that i have always thought of focus marcus marcus focus
speaking about that
what are there or what or what is being cancel
what is a cancel
we just go to then, he will like
what is cancel like this like to hold him and he will hold you
very persistentent
still very frizzy
then bus hasn't arrived yet
then they will feel why there are so many pauses
i have been placed over there, i don’t want to move, i don’t want to see that they are lazy and lazy
but his is solid
the war is very much like paddle
because he will definitely cut the top of then, he will be rolled back.
he wants to stay long
it hurts here
because his hair is very bushy
really after that other rebound
there are like small topic then a lot of very very large gap
to me, i think not fair
if the person of the hall nine takes it
we also pay half right
do not get on the first place
otherwise, this is not fair then we are losing money
ask her jason to go
at that time, kriston* was also talking about the first one to do home to watch tv
i can bend up.
it's just a research
because they are used by programme speak recognition
i don't know how to hear the like clicking of
our phone
now it's just that camera has always been a problem
i just talked about not as bad as i expected
hmm noeah
then i put that mic. putting it in my throat, there is any voice hello hello hello hello
he will have a ningwai alone to mark
there will be a bring in another
that kind of calculation exam
it's standard
that marks should not change
all packaging is calcul ~
all are called
i don’t understand how eric i get it
and it's time with clarius*
make friend is not tight
he can also take with boon
he talked about his pass he elective
you must pass
that test, you can't take the test.
i think it is like either
very scary like to think that
i'm going to see that avatar
fail three times
yesterday just* try
he watched him and said that he mind to see it more times
he talked about his friend take physics law and kinematics
for me thinking about physics one # zhuoing # you are not examined, but we have taken m. m. m.
so for us, i think it is very not fair
so i don't want to be canvassing anymore
i don't want johin r. a. like
it's strange for us if we do it
he also has a lot of other community
let's do sports manager
otherwise, the general sub-com of rac..
very similar to yen ling
he is rac. the general did not do anything like clarence
very strange later then we talk about it
by the way, talk about
i didn’t hear like record for one hour
to start from year one
and when rehearsal
mike we use in that venue right
wire
so you pass
very standard does not mix up
because of your use wireless mike right
that performance
it's sound
i don’t know what backstage culture is going to do
i don't think he will ask us
what we do just like, wait until you go up
i read dunman high
fortunately, okay is the bus of twenty minutes
my age
i tell you that i read temasek
he really likes this hateful
they also talk about that angie said the same way
if you work hard, you can take the three point nine
his previous semester's results are not good
i can get a well -examined like shit
he is very sad over there
very demoralized
why do you say that he is very deserve it
it is the one that is difficult to get fail.
his but
you guys, i should talk to you with angie
if the test is not good, you will give you the kind of i wonder why then
this is the reason but he is really sad.
to me, i am participating in band
from the secness to the sec four are all join band
my job band after that to j. c. i don’t understand what i can do. i am also join band
because i'm afraid because i was not very good at that time, i was borderline
then i rely on that as
uh, there is no but
maybe not the best, don't go to band
i am still on army band
we are get involved in some
hint hint hint hint hint hint
you were replaced by secondary school
my family square is not so wonderful
i only see those girls like okay, they can casually do, you can drink this eat that you know this kind of thing
my parents of my parents c. p. f.
why can you come here to play, how can you come here to play how can you do this
you year, you are spending six thousand dollars
shi song's junor
he is also t. j.
his church caroling then
who still told me, i only know that i just
why i think it was eunice yeah was eunice told me
what is commit shit i just transitived the thing?
now you participate
watching the scene and playing with mug
to know me, i see but i think, etc.
it's not that i want to talk about but
i won't talk about that f. word myself
this is this when you understand that we are camp
waiting for us, we are we guan our guys o. g. guys.#si-ah-lian#the dead#ah-lian#so started scolding ourselves.what
we are there a few of us there are those that o. g. l. those seenior is over there # walao # this is very fierce
what committee havoc
this is only him, isn't is it just angie, he has his own highlef
you o. g. isn't there who shen yan, they are right, whether they are also okay
what is he very much?
long hair is right right n. j.
there is a little curly curly, right?
he has join hockey
which one i know is that we call him tank because he is actually
did he also give the problem?
i am you know, i'm not the one you have to play in the camp
that soap water is in that
our group is like this
if you can see it without winning, as long as we can be srvive, it is right. just
squeeze and go to then, they have a team then
just the group became a group of men in a group of men over there.
right because of the balls then, he stood there. i laughed at him here. we laughed at him yourself here.
in my o. g. we told him tanker because he was that kind of hand, so i was so cold, then rushed over there
his story is well known everywhere
his story is right with him and that shu an for friend night.
this man wearing army's commando singlet commando singlet
if you are not commando,
i saw him wearing commando. i couldn't then, even if he might be very good because he
ganba baba can be very can run like hell one because can really
just okay nevermind said with those eunice who talked about the then. at that time, i talked to henry kelia that kai mun then they kept asking that melissa eunice who was kai mun there.look for my god him that guy the the wimp who wears commit
you have to celebrate his birthday so good
uh, you really do too over
go to the wrong cake
but he lives in blue block
he lives in my block
i have never seen him in my block
that kelvin
what does he scold mingxiu effort to do
it looks like he wants commit suicide over there
he takes an umbrella to take umbrella out
you o. g.
he is king that means he is
in that camp, we
wait for him to choose a man and choose a woman.
key the crucial one
did he have that schizophrenia or something?
the key is that he likes subon then subon.a pretty girl you know then
it may be that boyfriend but not the point the point is
you are so beautiful, there is a freak like you
the sound was originally twisted and pinching.
i will be freak out real
i will be on the spot, if i am subon, i will pass by slap.
he is too high
he should have no join community, right?
it's your spread.
for because he and that shu ann the epicstory of shu ann and kai mun
he listened to m.
scolding him has been talking about what he has been scolding in complain
i also told him to do my sub com
i am trying those things
should not do much right right right sub com
who is your sub com last year
no sub com
what is so good, what is position last year
he is m. d. waves
my roomie, he is very pitiful.
you settle will slabs
this is the most solk, right?
is it better than lights?
when should you be aimed at that lighting when do you have to shoot this shoot that?
we go to support
the day we went to go, then then
we are going to all go to support then we go
when you go, then mavis and everyn
for hall fourteen
this no kick’s one stroke two stroke k. o.
one is the evelyn of the school team.
they are very fierce thece that in the end. the two of them have gambling to tell us to ask us to count you
who is more?
please bet on the other party to bet on who you can see more, to see who has more mistake
i owe others to talk about this shut up
don't talk about shut up
he is also offend to many people
he o. g. l. who is it
his offend to you
his offend dingson
do you be happy
where will turned office funny what
this is really funny seriously
the side of the road that runs around at night is s. senior attached is not coming to accompany us.
i am a genius. i remember his name
except for crotch, my feet are just my feet
at that time, my feet were about to break the blister
i put that plaster that plaster is
that pus is broken
so i must not wear slippers. i don't have sandals
it is completely without blister
what are the good temper i i see a point in diring camp
no as in, why do you want something to lose your temper?
you orientation, you can
your freshies don't listen to you
and he thought he was very good
it feels like i want to show people i very well
how can this how can you eavesdrop
i haven't seen shele and hee
we have not been together, we are very sad, we are scattered
if you really find them, we will be gone
he room mate over the whole day
he is very sad then i talk about okay i know how you feel
do you need to do so clearly?
you use pre-paid
this kind of thing must not be called volunteer, not to say okay
his commando was wearing that, i remember that he wore the commando's seriously lean baba and wearing commando
who is that stanley that one
he is also very good at tanker and that tanker
i did a report yesterday to be very tired
my lab report
i'm lazy, ok, ok, i have been asking me interrogate me
you won't think he he he then behind all his madness like he is like himself
i am not gay, okay, no, no, just, just
can he hear the can
where is he where is she
what was he used to be?
he is not choir's
but
the speeches are all just let it go let it go
this is the okay you put
he website you put
if he talks, you can go to online and what, you can go to yahoo laughs.com
heavenly god mi heaven
this mouse is colder than you
no way i have lab, what can i do
be sure
those things you can’t have too late are splashed on your own feet or what is or on your body
you try, go to you, go yourself
of course it will be what else is corrosive.
get your skin will deform
you should do so, i took it, i took it down
take a picture of then, shoot the photo
take the picture
we really have such a shortage of money. committee
i can't solve the like then, you never want to talk about
without like, we have a few times, then like, ask you outsiders and say that just not enough not enough.
what kind of chocolate comes
what is chocolate
i have this on, i want to install the sound effect of tonight
why dare you and me and me
i saw me yesterday i saw vitas on facebook
he sings really like a girl seriously
his voice when he sing the falsetto range he like so so smooth so soft likes like a female singing like that
a real person like this nothing, he will not want to waste his time explaining to me
i like this peace loving
why did he say why he said why he thinks of higher of him?
hardworking
when i worshiped five nights that day, he was packing up and going home. i was talking to him.
milk powder your roomie
cai rihong okay i want to call him the name
i still have a class, don't talk about me anymore, i have me and lecture
to give six point nine five u. s. dollars
your home is equivalent to my family's like 20 or thirty units like this
i am a poor boy okay
i have no maid in my family
i do, otherwise i do, otherwise i will do it
is the only child the only child
ask me why do they have one more one more
i just when caroling was at that time, i just
why did you think of why there are only two canteen in this school in this school?
i am not engineering i am science
this semester, i have not been for science there
is canteen a canteen b canteen a canteen b where is it n. s.
this is north spine. this is computer engineering
and m. a. e.
in my last semester
why don't you want i thought and everyone wants to go abroad to study abroad
because this exercise is to be
which picture do you are in referring to
the bowl is it on the above
so i bought that bowl
may i ask you and this hao to stop what relationships do you all have
i think photography should not be so shameless
contact the photography first
it's okay to put a ticket or let it go
after discussing it yesterday, our decision was to take the photo on our own because of the anyway
the time spent on editing will be longer
look at the only
so for him
good violet
this is to talk about one hour one house
i forgot that i have project meeting now
could you make a call to my project mate
because he just called me
then tell him that
10 o'clock left right around 10 o'clock
tell him that i am very sorry
she is calling right away
so the problem of that photo
wait a while what do he say on what is expel?
he said that the original photo is no better than edited
he said that edited's photo is ugly than original
wait for violet
good okay
i said just now, i mean that tonight i might be meet, you
you are at eight o'clock i think
maybe i can get maybe ten ten plus
so maybe we can meet at may be thirty
why do you want to follow sara change
i heard that the members of our cast will be perform
is it desmond a person singing or his talent?
that is o. e. c.
i mean desmond
yesterday he had to leave early for rehearsal
our rehearsal for his hall olympiad
actually i also want to go to watch his performance
no need to dave
so safe to discuss the next topic
what happened to dave what is are you all trying to do?
how many times happened this time
and let him do it means you all have to explain the signation to him, so it takes time
good okay
then you cast
how to what are your feelings
don't silently be silent keep silent there
maybe there will be more act two
so you just conservation energy
i didn't tell you to imitate indian
mallae's accent
so try to figure out try to explore and expose yourself
there is try to imagine how a maid
so today maybe be less of acting
maybe run through with you, your lines
do you think violet beauty
the busiest is the most in what are you doing
now what are you in design
then give me a few examples
then you don't have to worry
at that time, you did not have express this as your interest
do you think costume and makeup is easy to do
then what plans do you have next year
you plan to continue to live in hall
why are you so confident
you will have plan in the next year to want continue with this musical
which side is more contribution
full help them
i don’t know if your points is enough to stay
because if you are not j. c. r. c.
if you rely on rec ~ list, it is very likely
but if you rely on that s. a. o.
in the end
talking about i am willing to the okay you will consider you
if your next year head
say yes i want eunice back in front of the entire committee
i believe they don't care about that internales
of course you have the advantage you have an advantage
you have a leg with our president
not try to deny it
please talk about please elaborant
so stealthy can't believe this woman
i didn't think you were in kidding
what are you wanting to live in hall next year?
i think my cross talk really cannit make it
so in fact, this is quite a challenge to me
for ordinary people, it comes natually to cross talk
this is a very difficult problem
so do you think you will follow dave
if assuming next year
you have no way to live in hall what will your travel arrangements be
if you are really cannot get, you can just and wait for a semester
it may be after a semester
i really have to wait for list
usually after one -ear most people
he waited for a semester to get it
if you can sustain one semester
come back and go back and forth
then you will have to take the discicult way out
i think i work very hard
if you are completely commit yoursel
as for cannot be allocated to, it is possible
so like i can only do it
just take these two components # jaga # 好
so like
if i am going to learn something, wait for everything
but there is always lesson to cancel lesson
because it is too busy
i still have a lot of things that i planned to do.
i originally wanted to take a count in
deepen my to piano
i was going to study jazz piano
i don't like to mix with people who are very superficial every day
of course there are also every industry
enter the finance industry mixing rice
still going to study explore
i am a little bit of the achievement in the music, i can't live a meal
but in fact, i think i have changed once
then i will have discretingary inceome to pursue i hobby
of course not as easy
who doesn't like to do the like what they love to do
is the realistic you need to face up to reality
then what is you are your
your current course is related to medicine
why do you want to do doctor
our age how much can we have possibly experienced
but on your part, you have to dissect
do you think very intricate work
because surgeons is a lot of money
actually g. p.
because surgeons usually there will be one surgeon for one body part
so you have to read your n. d.
read your specialist course
your m. d.
so you may spend an about fifteen to two decades
so the monetary obliguations
you may miss your child bearing year. both things must be
i think volume just now
i think clearly, i think once we has the calling
we have to do our own duty to be isolate
but after i isolated the reason
i found not
this is impossible to put on the table
i decide that it is not a be with choice
if i come from a family maybe like
both my parents are pass away
this haoting who found him
what is his design
then photo must not take his friend to help him take it
this person i need to makeor him closly
i want to look at his quality of work
artist and he wants to preserve his
do you want to say ostracized
it is easier to listen to your sentence again
so he is not j. c. r. c.
he should be able to make some substantial contributions
those who engage in art so he must ask his friends to ask him a. d. m.
do this design
so it turned out to be his own opinion that the bowl is
what does melissa say?
no call melissa first
but i have heard because sometimes they graduate from before some students will hear it to read there
some of them will run to k. l.
maybe some of the other half will go to u. t. a. r.
then some will run to other college may inti k. d. u.
just now i call the external degree paper work and go to the british three -month reading for mean.
go to k. l.
um, one is psychology, one is a classroom management
there is another seem to be effective lesson planning. i haven't gone yet
the other is test and measurement, which is how it teaches you how to set questions in exam paper.
it has encourage but there is no must
but some lecturer is still atgree level
still still fulfill just said
some people will run to take it because they will be here in the long run at this education field involved
this year this year compar
last year, because economic was not good
i heard that some parents have to save the educational expenses of their children, so it will be better for compare to this year's intake last year this year
will dough up its number of studers
it seems that my engineer students have doubled to 80 meetings.
in fact, there is nothing i think of internet
seriously, the internet
if you want to talk
however, its internet's sped is really very slow, very slow, so that you want to sent for half an hour, you can’t get out of that kind of.
there is a swimming pool, but whether lectuer has to pay or not i dunnno
do you want to say that there is any facility seem to have nothing like this.
few, rarely, did not go to hiking
usually it is okay to do housework
what do you want to do hong-kong?
i think hong-kong's trip's first time in such a small hotel for the first time encountered the most lazy cleaning lady
the first time i saw the quarreling of the vixen scolding the street, the police argued on the public side to call the policeman
let's talk
spray a auntie b standing in that auntie b next to that auntie b and talk about her
where do you know auntie a and get angry
just quarreled like this, auntie b is unhappy, because i told you so much, so i will be arguing.
that auntie b is unwilling to show weakness, just say this is not your house. this is a public place. you know
just scolded and scolded, when the last auntie b also had two other friends who finally helped her to quarrel and scold
cursing to the end auntie a
speaking of auntie a wrong, people, you, you, you are not saying that sorry sorry is embarrassed to spray you
in fact, we were going to take the snoopy boat boat at the time. the auntie auntie was all in front of me. the old husband who had troubled her when she had troubled her.
she stood at the end of the queue over the eyes and watched those auntie like this like this
the last auntie took the boat and went down to find the police.
because when i saw it at that time, i was wearing ordinary clothes that everyone went out on sunday.
it's just like we go out and wear ordinary clothes, but it's fierce to be terrible
disneyland one day of one day ocean park
there are two different park in one place and another place, so you have to go from another park to another park either.
when i went to the first park, i don’t know what the name is. park it has a name.
there is a sea lion performance on the first park. there are roller coasters.
later, i took cable car
when you go to the mountain and go to another park, there will be that panda's small zoo over there
it can also have a hot air balloon, but it is cheating by it air balloon
what else over there um, the bird and bird bird show bird's performance of their parrots is over
it is more crowded than pasar, maybe because i just went to the day i heard my husband said it was labor day
after the labor day, they heard that the labor festival in china is another week.
finally, in order to see the other side of the other side, i took the cable car and took the cable car in the past.
wait for that cable car and wait until almost the legs are broken
it seems that valid can be known for two months
i have never been to original disneyland, but the disneyland of it is okay
it's just those things like tarzan
what is it called tomorrow world or future world, i don’t know
princess white sleeping beauty, you know that the most classic, the most classic.
it has its small world buzzing and that clock is very special
you also want to check its so okay it has two or two batches
horses are also a horse who eats drug.
so ah, the workmanship over there is everything at the time when going to monday because weekend is race day
so monday's urine will be sent to test to test
then when we are before or three hourrs before race, we start collection
ah, the veterinarian will be run on the different machine test's glucose level oxygen level.
so ah, the thing over there is more to
two or three years of everything and then, you out of trip is not every weekend one month once.
so friday saturday sunday monday went to one week for three days. i do my things for three days
waiting for this and one after another, i will tell him okay fine. i don’t want to do it now.
because you live on your own, you discuss with my supervisor
i do this p. d. i talk about okay now. now i have no money. i do
then he talked about okay i pay you so
i did n’t give the then after half a year after half a year
i don't remember when he started to talk about okay, now i started pay you now
so he paid i just stop. i was stop. because sometimes it was tiring's because, especially weekend, you are really tired.
your identity is
they talk about assistant analyst
that uh forensic lab
so in fact, he is quite confidential. what can i test?
so monday, there is monday's monay?
in this way, i taught and taught in the end for one week and two days. at the end, i was very boring because the first you dare not teach the exam
you dare not teach i mean, the exam year exam year seems to be like s. p. m. p. m. r. the sixth grade
his parents of course will be push, you are very stress, and then the second syllable, you haven’t gone back to read it for too long, you don’t know
they maybe to find tutoring teachers is the kind of so taught at school, what questions can predict be predict?
the small one teaches the small one who does not have such pressure middle school because syllable has been changing
but at depends on parents
some parents seems to be week. you see him for two days
but i told him parezts that i used to teach me in the past.
i didn’t read the third day the next day and did n’t go back on the fourth day before i came back.
but many parents just have no time, so he thrown it to the teacher and throw it to the maid.
expect, you go to help his child
i can’t take care of such a lot, so it is difficult to spread that third grade that malay is very poor. fail
then the child one and half hours is already very maximum. he cannot concentrate
so now basically is like period now that i do nothing now. i just do lab
therefore
it actually has that period with that mood. sometimes you are really lazy like this.
then i know that people now like m. s. n.
because i didn’t graduate, they asked me to open facebook account quickly
i said to others a long time ago that i was doing p. h. d. when you told others at first, you are very happy. i do p. h. d. then very well
but after five years, you still told others that you do p. h. d.
now my friend, circle, will shrink and smaller, and don’t really shrink and smaller, because it will be smaller and smaller.
some master usually graduated and they left. if they are left, they will lose less and less.
so all people who know are lab.
sometimes you start a stage you m. s. n. okay i log in available then okay hi. what do you want to say?
so there will be such a disciculties so now i have a few malay malaysia in my lab mate
if we are too focus on this thing, then your failure rate is very high, you will feel useless
at this stage, there are a few of my lab in my current lab.
leave it to do p. h. d. although this does not know that no master is done in two years
i don't know if the on various reason personal reason is good, so it must be the reason, so someone must run away
so what we should do now is to extend your hand to touch the society
because it is really a close, now that circle is really getting smaller and smaller
but you, you, we are very strange that we are a very strange society because you want to talk about work and you don’t have a big job.
when you were twenty years old, he heard people say that you are still reading. you are very happy that you want to be 30 years old. you still told others that i have a little frustrated.
this is not because you want to go out because you want to go out as a science. graduate is because we go out for a graduate.
it's not just doing sales or so on.
therefore
so i don’t like to be sales.
so just read, i have regret it, it is you to choose a place
in fact, it is u. m. so when i was doing the project of degree, i made that chromosome study.
i realized a boss of h. i. v. and hepatitis lab, but he was a medical doctor
so there is something like focus focus on h. i. v. hepatitis
so ah, i don’t remember what is true, but what is it?
he seems to be a develop or a method
you can be more rapidly detect.
so if you and he has a lab, but his lab is diagnostic lab
so ah diagnosis is diagnostic lab, is that you must on time what do they do?
very serious thing sort of like very serious because patient's blood come in what do you do
so diagnosiic lab is done like this
ah to study a thing, so if you are wrong or what is it or not, you have to report back to the patient
but he wants to make a research
so i want to lose money and go in, make a research
but when he was past, he research lab was just about establish
so there were three colleague at the time, one of my two women, one man
so he wants three of us to go to establish a lab
maybe it's not good or what, but i think you have just graduated from degree
then it's not very good, but it is difficult to go to establish a lab
because equipment wants to buy the right, then all the kits then you want to be from the scratch from scratch from scratch
so when i did it for half a year, i asked me to go out at the beginning
go to the donation blood donation to donate blood with their team hospital's team, and then see what they are doing
so i just carry, their blood tube vacuum tube, i just carry my specified
ah, check h. i. v. follow hepatitis
in fact, it should be done, but maybe he is also lacking in becauuse, pay, so you don’t do the then and do it.
i doubt that lecturer, then okay's disadvantage is because he is a medical doctor
but for them, they want that result, no matter whether you fail in the middle or what i do, don’t listen to me, don’t listen to that end product
they will have such a mentality that is different from that of the researcher's mentality of that fundameental research
so i thought he was very demanding and then he looked terrible. if you come in, he will ask you a lot of things like this.
what is it done because of the entire virus cycle
it comes in how it is inject its reverse transcripting.
then reading is one, but the other is that he knows from his tone and talked about the conversation. i know he is very demanding.
yes, because the most powerful over there is h. i. v.
what is the basis you choose to go?
in fact, i could stay on my side at the time, but i did n’t know if i chose to come back here.
i think i like this thing, i like i have learned although failure a lot
but you have learned a lot from failure
after there are some things, he graduated after he graduated, but before we graduated, there is something like seminar to ask people to ask questions.
many general things are even degenerate primer.
then why did he not be because he did not have encounter over failure
so p. c. r. he only knew one thing. he only knew that i did it.
so there must be good disadvantages and good, but people who are lab will all be everything.
i think a lot of things are direct to direct. for example, your original objective is looking for this thing
but where can you know that you find something else, let's on on other things
so you just like your title you direct can be adjusted.
because there is no way, if you are scientific, so you insist that a lot of discovery is not purpose to discover it
it is also an important thing for me to think luck
i use that p. p stream
it seems that okay like youtube, i will go to try if i have time
um, i didn’t get busy yesterday and went back yesterday. i still have time baking
i will actually do a lot of cake
i didn't ask auntie auntie what to do, but i have to pay a lot of money because you do it for the first time and lose it.
every cake is usually better now. i can succeed for the first time
but research does not need money
ah, i usually do not follow the book of the book.
if nothing is wrong, the cheese of new zealand
there is no italy's cheese, if you want it, take it as pizza
still doing tiramisu can also italy's cheese
i don’t know much about it, but i use that philadelphia’s pretty good
it is its box, is the blue of the blue.
very easy recognize
probably that cheese is about twenty -five like this
twenty -five r. m.
you, you want to do the whole cheese cake or you want it, a different platform
ah, if you do half of it, you will take the digestive biscuit
you also have baking
you just follow the butter butter, you have to let go of oven
hot, you have to give it a little bit. press and give it stuck to stuck under its base.
that ice icing side
you see which kind of cheese cake you want to eat
you must be successful once because i tried a few times
i, i, i will go to cold storage.
yes, but i don’t know if i don’t like secret recipe cake
where is it delicious? let me see
but i don’t think the car of secret recipe is delicious
you of count, you are at home, you are the best at home, you can put it in
there are many butter
i have family, if it's not beautiful or delicious, you will not eat all of them, they will not help you
there are ginger and one in it
do you think you do and which country's cheese carrot cake
ginger
all things that include the bags including art are all fine
but pre
but preserve's preserve is very good
because there are many people in their clothes that you think that you wear less, it is more sexy
they focus on elegant
they focus on elegant
they like to put belt on our waist to see that there are different #potongan #
it's opposite
there is no famous
seven eight
in fact, i don't want to choose what i choose
my year likes teaching my year is good.
at that time, the teaching was four point zero, do you know?
it is better to have that kind of perception to do government servant
many people can't read your children to do police, it's good, so good like this
it's not good if you can't read books.
yes, i said that there are a lot of hobby, but you can't do all the so alone
it seems to be able to make money. it seems that you can also open a bakery shop just now
but that's not primary anymore
that baker has to have a bit of business
it seems that you go outside to eat steamboat, you can participate with or not, but if you are at home, you didn't go to tesco to buy it
you go to barna to buy that kind of fresh thing
i also followed them and told me like my mommy and my boyfriend's mommy. i asked him
how to cook this way and how do they talk about it again. sometimes i have time when i buy it myself.
it seems that there is no problem if noodle soup
actually you are a base
because now i don’t want to talk about this supermarket. if you go to bagar, they will also give you the mix. you will tell you okay
i want to cook any juice, they will give you there.
you won't believe i will go to heng-year over opposite heng-yee
because seafood over there is compared with fresh
if tesco buys such things
if you talk about cold storage okay
if you buy something you eat, don’t talk about that kind of maggie mee, that kind of tin, if you want to buy a fresh thing, you can’t
this is faintly faint in the past just passed my six years like that
my j. c.
do physical training all day long
i have learned a lot of rock climbing kayaking adventure racing organise camps
most of them now are hall activities last year was j. c. r. c. junior room committee junior room committee whatever
have dance
there are still reading for then
because my this sem has been clear's complete electivers, i just have two electivers so each sem
there should be no elective clear, but next sem may go to exchange
if you go, you should go to korea
it can be very clear and many course
it's south korea, otherwise the united states, otherwise it is netherlands
my specialisation
it's year four, not year three
uh, there should be u. a. v with fluid mechanics.
why is choose aerospace
very similar to one of the most interneting subject
because i look at the others, i think n. s. i don't want to go to n. b. s.
because i am not a business student
the next holiday i don't know if it should stay in singapore and have no money anymore
see where my family is going
do you see what job can you find? can they give me a long start? whether i can start my job lab lab late going or ask or for a maybe one if money that will be good if that good lah lah, is we gonna record for50 minutes where is only 5 minutes now
i rented a car over there and ran to do skydiving bungee jumping white water rafting. ls we know to shopping
what do i like to eat i think i should speak slower right caues only 7 minutes
i think there are a lot of food variety in singapore
i have any hobbies
i have any hobbies
my ho i have no definite hobby that i need to do it every day
my hobbies are changing every time
i just took a kayaking two star course
go to a few competitions
although first year is actually
i have a few try join c. c. a. i have to go
only to three metres
i went to try to make a few eskimo rolls and play the ball and sit on the paddle, but think about it
i also have to go to sports camp
except j. c. r. c. follow reading and girlfriend
i have no other time to do other things. i do n’t have join bouldering, nor join o. d. c. c.
there is no join canoe polo
although i think it may be that year four fry is like canoe polo
but i prefer chinese song yah like tao yan, but i did n’t chase that kind of new song or something new song came out when i heard that i liked it when i heard it.knowing just like no reason
although my english should be better than chinese
take a diving yahh and take a diving cert for i think. level one level two or something that ya to one if i got time then i also learn wakeboarding lik. e maybe learn some stuns* for wakeboarding yah cauti know for cable skiing quite a few times
dancing may learn to learn at hall. actually, my dancing is not very good, but it ’s okay to go to try. there is something that people just live when they are old.what is go or because of these other things, i really haven't moved at all, i haven't learned it at all, i haven't learned it for 16 minutes and 54 seconds.
although i have only learned a few steps until now
the rest of them have learned seven seven eight, i don’t understand how i want to catch up but but now how can i only see what can be learned for one month and do not be ugly there.
don’t care about it, because you shouldn’t get on the then, don’t give him it.
i really have nothing to read this semester
already fourth week
i'm doing the tutorial of week two
no motivation to study anymore
i remember that i saw that zhikai, who was very good, very high.
of course, i think stay hall stay hall, of course, how convenient and fun, but i do n’t understand if i do n’t understand if they do n’t understand next year because i will come back because i am not a sports hall.
in fact, i haven't finished the social i then i am doing the angel and mortal geance she out with yah and i tight her responce be very good and we get all ft. ive hundred residents in the hall to play becausenunber one it will be hard to manage and many people will not play
in fact, she wants to use letter box, but i think
i live in hall and live in two years never even open the letter box once
for this year's j. c. r. c kk. i think it was more than last year j. c. c. c. c. c yah cause
they have internet strifes in it
it's not good, but bad is like the government. our government is a bit bad at shoot itself.
this is difficult for this kind of thing to avoid a hall 500 people. of the 500 people, there are only a hundred two hundred, two hundred and two hundred and two hundred active.
those hundred and two hundred active, you have to find a want willing to use to take up the root, and those who cannot call them leadership skills #gaogao #
so it is difficult to avoid this kind of thing, but sometimes i think xiaofei is doing his ben doing a good job at least
my home has one brother no sisters i am the eldest so he is my young
if they have anything, do it for me. but okay i think is quite okay becape is working with friends then easier to get within i think within h. s. c. some of the freshies all not very happy cause
we can't do that o. c. orientation camp which i think is quite troublesome you go out you have hall orientation that is the point of haall. orientation end up we just know the people who is to camp thenyou do the same stuff you do in other camps you do the same games as other camps why this year we are trying to create
what is this storyline
otherwise, i do this way how it relelates to the story line like fricht night will be related to our lost city line or adventure or adventure. y line that know of things i think
because in the end
not only do we have to be dongxi in the end, but also s. i. c.
those other programmers
and all the logistics constraints all the
see what time camp is camp because now
i heard that you want to live us to only picture days camp
i think not my style
i do part time job
because i didn’t get pocket money yah still surviving from my army saves and i have worked money before
because i used to make credit card very well
it is very profitable for me to earn 2,000 to 4,000 a month before.
when i took top sales
four thousand yuan a month
because the commission sells a card
one person, you do a ten minutes sales
i will earn a thirty -two.
if you do peak hour, you can see up to
twenty or thirty and twenty customers 20 can make a 600 yuan a day.
also okay lah can also understand that although it is very rare now because it has been a year later, there is a girlfriend, so i spent a lot of money so. now last year i have last sem. i have tutoring tutoring, but end up.make up then
just help a company baby company
go to cold storage
do you see their products over there?
if you are not there, go to his back store
do you see his products?
i'll go to order new products
in this way, there is sales then, so i go to a store, just fifteen to twenty. then can run eight a month and one month.
my savings are not so much
can you find it when you see me during holiday?
there is a good family
it should be comfortable but also a bit high a bit hard to reach see how yup
this day is nothing
because i told my girlfriend, don't prepare to take the flower i am so sorry, but there are no friends who don't spend me, but they are selling flowers. she only likes tulips and tulips are super expensive
there should be more than 50 pieces of so i don't want to buy.
her perfume is all used up
because she last year gave me something, i last year didn't give her something
i'm so busy that i am doing the joint hall bazaar so. i don't have time to go to plan. i have no time to buy anything now # heng # her
when she wants she wants perfume, i will buy one she likes
otherwise, i also have to have a headache to buy something okay.
because last time we, i, i and my family and her
with my cousin, they went to langkawi
she has been looking for perfume there over there
because her perfume is over
because every time i go to the support
otherwise, rarely go to mahjong, otherwise, talk cock, otherwise yeah is usually talk cock and my friends who have always been cock talk cock.
every night is cheerleading
this kind of thing is difficult to describe
my hall's friends, in fact, i also know that a lot of people.
lide dalson* wenkai ligu
they are all active in hall
he is doing culture night with jimmy
and other culture things
it's also swimming captain
but okay he is doing captain
it should be okay
although i this year does not have a join water polo
don't be down the team, don't join, just fine
originally i wanted swim for the team
that weekend is really not possible
because the day before
i go to cheer training end up, the entire weekend burn so i decided to the team can do without me because i have already trained
i have been in more than a month because cheer has no train swimming
actually i. s. g. swimming i didn't go too
although i have sign up
because that week was too busy. cheer was really suck up my life man for that whole month at least yup
none of the join cheer wei'an ran away clarissa and ran away.
five senior is gone
欣宜 也 是 没有 join 六个 from our ten seniors that also 不是 join cheer end up become four then yah it was quite bad and all the j. c. r. c. members who join cheer totally just join because just to make up the numbers
because every time i have to conduct training
every time i have my own stunt, i haven't practiced
just conduct traing
do captain follow
the difference between making a message is really big
my this year i just wait for it to be over damn sad but after after the
i am very regret
very even thought i know i did what i could and i think i have done better even if i took it again but still the results are results
i live in hall, my home is quite close, right? i have another friend with me. i just live for only one year.
but because the hall here is not allowed to cook rice
yes, so i often eat canteen food outside
then there is hawh in hall i think
but my hall is in hall nine
the sixth floor of it is equal to the tenth floor pair of the 10th floor of the group level here.
i read chemistry for me
choose this school, uh, the true reason is still true reason
half half interested in chemistry
but actually i am halfway
you can be there in graduate
i read four year
this semester i take
the school wants us to take the module
then take electives yourself
that japanese
uh, i learned xinyi and took h. m. j. one's first department.
not science
it's all c. a. c.
i am the programmer for this year's camp just to arrange what the game is playing what the game is played and the right right
participate in c. a. c. camp last year
the first is to do this because of participating in the camp
go to remedy that size
but c. a. c. camp is good because he sleeps at two or three o'clock the next day before starting camp, so it is enough to sleep.
but some camps are not the same as they are playing very late, but the next day, i will call you to get up very early.
after all, it is my organise and others.
then there are chairman
there are some biz mag
then biz mag people also go to sponsor for our camp pair
add a little more idea yes yes, usually i use idea
five days yah
what are the methods? walking while walking with i think, you can cooldown. yah
because we have try we got try like from our hall hall nine to chinese heritage center
there are nine runners right then
uh, there are only five make its that have four suddenly last minute. uh, it is not possible to support the the first collision that the first one who hit the first time that he could not support it.two hours thirty one or thirty two hours
sleeping yah thirty
asked him, he visited that person and said the guy who
he uh, like, asked him if he would continue to run him to talk about no i have to rest for six months. he said that he would want to rest for six months.
super exaggerated than that standard chartred forty plus kilometre
so very good very goods and they i think, we can do it too difficult. two hundred eighteen
uh, fortunately, everything else is because my badminton is bad and it is badminton
i did n’t understand why others played more powerful, but i might have played too high. he has already lose energy in the process.
go to hong kong.
because of my cousin, he is going
uh, he is going to take japnese count's level j. l. p. t. two
the next day he was going to take exam so before that
because my aunt, because of the hong kong people who talk about the then of cantonese, i won't talk about cantonese
my cousin talks about it, i came here to read japanes, you came here to test the geography, because i was writing geography, how can i go?
didn't go to disneyland
uh, ocean park you mean
so you can’t drag, you must choose good things first, then tell them that they move faster
find a friend because my friend tells his uncle in macau
so you can save any transport accept fees
because school conference subsidise right or something
just have scholarship
in hall
facebook facebook first facebook every time is facebook. the first website is facebook.
i used to write blogs before i did n’t write blog. i did n’t have time to write.
so i read it very cute. i think i want to know what the words are talking about what it means
yes, sometimes i have watched japanese show.
it is in n. t. u.
that jurong-west sports complex is cheap and cheap
otherwise, i will talk about me c. c. a. let you listen to you
uh, i haven't started studying for four years because i started studying for four years because of middle school.
i am chinese orchestra
i have always been practise
sometimes i miss back that music yah
to tell you that it is very particularly right, it will be broken, but it is broken, so be careful, so sometimes it ’s too powerful to have a period of time. we will be afraid to turn that thing because you want to tune the sound.
that i know what is the english to then, so you can adjust its sound note
the comparison of yangqin is also good, uh, uh, because liu qin's voice sounds well, the sound of yangqin
you can perform one by one on that stage, the very nice flute is also another one that can be solo.
but uh, they suddenly told the teacher that they wanted to choose yangqin. i scared you. you are not talking about liuqin. all of them are okay then, even if i like yang liuqin anyway
this voice is out okay
uh, it is nice to right
that cello to cello
i don’t know this very well, but that chinese orchestra as in is a song that is accompanied by the back of the scene.
i don't know if i want to go back and ask the instructor
very shocked right like, every time we see then, then then there is a cello over there
the low pitch yah pitch is relatively high -paired
uh school phonaton just called graduating, that time he had different projects, this time, this time
you are graduating student
we are call out call and ask them if they want them
they want actually, uh, it is easy to use giro so to directly deduct that money from their giro
there is giro
in your bank account, he apply giro it will be autoomatic every month to remove the money with you
then the summer vacation i think is busy c. a. c.
if you want to design it, i want to design those, uh, our head, saying that he wants him to do something different or what is the right.
i am talking about it myself, don’t ask you what you want to ask what okay okay then, i freely play okay, uh western and western music western instrument
that western is not a lot of drums percussion is quite interest because you want to coordined, your hand and your feet right
it's the image very cool, so right
no, but now there is no invent that game
calling guitar hero is still what we are at that time.
just give j. c. people come in to see that there is one
uh school has a game cyber society cyber game society
where do you know that all people are playing there that guitar hero because of fun, because it is very fun, just like. if it is guitar, you will follow his beat to go that
that game of beat wants to go together, uh, his beat, you will hit it if you get to you
some people can be # zai # but some people really play very much
several live coming to perform is that they can see that the experience is experience
now there is a sing sing i think sing very special
singing is with pitch, so i ca n’t pull them as fakes.
it's a pretty difficult that drums
very interestin, you have studied
it's very cool
then wait for the last one and then there is interesting
it's bangle a bangle, uh or plastic’s yah i think so
can't you take it down? i want to do it?
you can tie the random random anytime anywhere
uh, there are lamb, chicken mutton, and chicken. if you eat beef, you do n’t eat it. do you have a beef?
what with pork
the one of many peanut # satay # sauce
that is pretty old. usually, it seems that the teacher used to ask us to do those itinerary
to be very similar to, do a project as itinerary
very similar to some foreigners or foreigners who want to come in.
so i think that place is famous for
its food ah singapore food pair
uh, old pasar is old a food market place i think so yah
it’s not very clear about me to go back and tell you that the area is quite close to m. r. t. yah
have played a cafe world
because you are very similar to some dishes, he may be familiar after one hour, so you just day, you want uh maybe. if you wait, you have to look at that dish, then click to serverif he goes, the food is all bad
it will show your picture of it
you will waste money and you will be at minus marks
there is no internet on always that when they return back at night at night
usually you, you want you to cook, you want to go to see that food the next day to see the next day
just two days later, then you go again, if your food is one day, then, the next day, you go to no one for a day and two days, just two days, two days and two days.
if it is one hours, the maybe two hours later he will still be there
because it takes time to play, there is no usually to see the profiles of others
the photo of the right is also then that the person will know what the person is doing recently.
some pretty buts are not very accurate. if there is no publish, if then, then, then go to publish then, and show people to people to play with others.
i have done a lot before, there are english and chinese yah
usually, the then after i of the english i read again when i look at chinese.
do you go to facebook?
you also do psychology test
a recent one is also funny. application
he is an about social interview
we will usually write then and write some boring things there over there
that is, that thing will be on that friend's profile then, he will uh, that friend will be on the reply back, so it is like the full your friend.
sometimes it suddenly generate
your friend, but that friend is that friend you haven't seen for a long time, you can write a few comments
i asked this kind of test
very interestin i think facebook every day is using it every day
it is the most popular website
my know is very similar to everyone now putting their own pictures upload
people used to wash photos every time they got get
because all people are technology is advancing, it should not be breakdown really right
other chemistry
because there is mechanism, there will be by product
uh, uh think about
uh, is there any comparative faster efficient way of
otherwise, you go to do farmer
i do farmer now lacks.
otherwise, people will have to do the farmer very funny okay sorry i think you get the job yah then
otherwise, i i think farmer
there is a farmer in singapore
more interested in than physical
don't like it, i find it very hard to compirend the
uh, make electrochemistry
so you ca n’t eat this rich here, you eat more cheese, you want to vomit, you want to vomit
cold over there and then, the fragrant cookies sold on the cookies street famous amos, you have a little bit of your throat after eating a little
this is what this is, and many of them are walking because of the weather
i think there are fewer people in malaysia. walking is too hot
but you talk about bangkok, they can walk again, only us, don’t go.
it's hot, so then transport their bus
it's very friendly, the entire national new zealand is very friendly
then you mentioned that today he will tell you how are you, you will say hello if you don’t know it like this
then do their dormitory downstairs, so they are very popular on the red cross over there
going more, he seems to have a small shop like so sells those who sell those economy rice on our side
so he has that, all kinds of dishes for you, but his portion is also very large
a few dollars like our economy rice butes, he should be purposly cater for asian
also asian people are doing
no, but that is more educated indians
so they are very friendly, but you have to be polite
they are such things like this or not to him.
right and real and the problem of the entire society
it seems that we will have a friend who once went to phuket
they have that, coral dead dead cro
then he went to pick up that dead cral
then even thought it is the coral of dead.
the entire society and seemed to be taught until dying, don’t spit phlegm, don’t spit.
coincidentally these things are a manners
really garbage is very handsome like this
really, i think of the road like the road is like the road like the road. muscle is so large
two years ago, japan was the previous # osaka # # osaka # university osaka
then they come here.
but he is not exchange. he is just invite.
with his lab members.
it was because there was one of the lab member very introverted
so he hopes that we can talk to him in the past to let him know. apart from japan
they will have such a problem, japanese
my sister married has a japnese so i live there
because at the time, my japanese was not very good at the time
so you are going to learn over there, and japanese you are leaarn, you want to take the exam, and level one two three four
then she was her parents in law
her sis ~ that's my second sister
she is more how to say, more men are okay
then consultant she sent project, so she sent her to indonesia
then just right, my brother in law is company
i don’t know where company is to send him to indonesia so as her client
so it is consultant and client like this
my brother in law resign from that job and come to malaysia to find a job
so i did it in malaysia, but i didn’t know why i heard that i couldn’t be enough.
because he does not have indonesia maid
i scared me because he did not have indonesia maid, there was nothing like this, they actually said that although it was a woman in tokyo in tokyo
japanese women start open, they are working working like this, and then
so people over there generally think that except tokyo
all the way to the chinese people are all women who have to take care of their children at home to certain age, they will go out to work because no one will look at your children.
but of course is good and bad, you can take care of your own children yourself
then they just bought a house that is min
her husband was cut with salary twenty percent
so it's very hard, and there are many things. cut because there are a lot of insurances on them.
you see a doctor over there, if you don't have an inshence
knowing that they have their entire society system, they are different from us
ah, when the first week was there when i was there
then when lab member communicates
it's just that some machine is their routine's work
we do not have that machine but
there is something like a private company provide outside.
so the only difference is that other small instrument or the things of the equipment
then the only thing is that radioactive's things are also their routine. they have a building.
then we have no us to have a radioactive room
but that radioactive wants to be handle radioactive.
license has been expired more than ten years ago
but they will be them okay
they will take care of researcher's things very comprehensive
then what danger you do, you must follow the protocol
you go in radioactive room
then what do you do if you handle this dangerous thing
in short, a pair of protocol, you have to go through
because the entire society is a very well -conservative society
their youngest is the same age as us to research at 10 o'clock in the morning, but they will do it later.
this way, then of the countes, i should be close to winter
it doesn't matter if it doesn't matter, you see his girl wearing tight skirt and then wearing that boot high -tall raining bike to get an umbrella
then the hair seemed to be beautiful as a bird, so i wore tight skirt
because okay is going to speak, then, our group of people is different from those outside because you have n’t gone to the real society of society, so you do n’t have the vicissitudes of their vicissitudes.
they will be more skilled, so my friends are like me and they work outside that i will say that you are still the same jeans t-shirt, and the sneakers like jeans are gone.
they are very powerful now o. l. this will make up this way
your whatever, your relationship, so then you will hesitate
hmm, but you will get older you will get the older, so actually i still want to go abroad
actually, i found maybe immediately maybe take a break
i have found the farm farm work of new zealand
he has a lot of offer, but this time i think he would then if it was before
i have thought about that holiday working visa. now i can't get 30 years old.
therefore
he has provides, you are accommodation or something or something
you can't go too long, you can't make, that's time to take a break a break
i have to pass postdoc
you haven't passed postdoc. if i think i jump directly to the lectuerr, i will not feel good
how do you apply for grant? you know that kind of inside information because it is good now, you are still a student
then when postdoc, he should be required. you want to be more comprehensive
compare the think like an adult improvement of state
uh, i am now in year two to read sea affairs
there are people who say the same hall
no need ok
uh, i will not use chinese in chinese to talk about this in chinese
ok ok
uh because i am a navy, navy's color so
i originally wanted to read business
but i am afraid that business seems to be uh that is something that ordinary people can read.
good ya so
it's because then, then found this maritime it is
it is a little maritime but very similar to the course of business, so i was suddenly interested and then went to go again.
do a little bit of research then, ask relatives and friends to talk about maritime, his propespects are very good
what you mean is like like other inchesstry
i think it ’s okay because it seems that our trade depends on it all depends on
it's the boat of those boats like maritime. these come to transport the goods because of it
it is relatively large and larger. suddenly, it has a lot of goods.
it's more cost -effective so uh
i think yong maritime will always have this kind of ulkishness
uh, it's not to say like, uh, any plane, these can be like to replace it.
yes, and the quantity you are lucky for a sudden is rarely because of the weight of weight
well, i haven't done real training, as if i live in hall, just, i just like hall's dance team for a while.
but there are at least at least try that many of that style seems to have at least try
uh, uh, it seems that uh modern dance hip-pop has tried it
i don't like hip hop, i think it's a bit rude
it seems to be more classy's dance, but if you jump, you will
uh, when i went to school later, i was a dance teacher who came from china to become chinese dance.
fortunately, quite interesting, uh, because you can try all the more likes, such uh, for a dancer
uh, there are more experience and more experience. exposure ya
uh, it is all your normal.
especially if the dance is not solo's dance is a group's performance, everyone must work hard to cooperate with the like the timing must be right
if it is a person, you and the music but if you are group, you the music and your friends
schools are many clubs and societies. it seems that they have chinese dance modern dance m. dance m. j.
i have lived in hall, and i said that hall also has my own hall dance team so so so so so is almost the same time.
uh, i think you must be very small size for girls
it seems that uh is cultural committee social community business committee.
what else is dancing?
uh, sometimes there are dance performances that are more important to dance. the dance performance is over. it depends on what else needs to be you to participate.
you can quite an experience but.
try to have a little bit as much as possible, i, i don’t like to hit sports, and i ca n’t play so, even if it ’s okay, right?
this year is not, but we are here this year's new year ones have come. it seems that he is a malayer, but he also has try that the indian dance seems to have been in contact with
uh, i have never been to taiwan but wanted to go
i used to do what to do last time last time
i know there is a lake, right? i suddenly forgot about it because i wanted to go to taiwan two years ago and find that kind of tour itinerary.
what moon lake what is something moon lake sun moon lake yah sun moon lake
if i am a tource, then i ask you
they just go to three four days in the concentrate of taipei
so some people talk about uh, there is no bad choice because the main thing to go there is to go to goping to go for two or three days, it is enough.
but will taiwan cheap?
oh i am actually-
i and i travelling is trave ~ travele a few uh, a few places but not going to taiwan
from a very young age, there seems to be a beijing uh but. what is too young?
the most in our uh, southeast asia, i have been to cambodia ya ie see the #angkor wat #
uh, every time you see thesecard, you may feel that there may be nothing big, but when you stand on that gate, it seems that you are standing on its courtyard
then i feel a little bit of majestic. that is just going
uh, i only went to its uh, uh, because there is no time, because there is no time, there is no ticket to the south to go to new zealand, just do a lot of activties like singapore.
have you heard what is zorbing?
it seems like a balloon feels a big balloon, and then you sit in it and he tie up and then roll down from a hillside.
and uh we-no we skydive
ah, remember it seems to be ten hours art ten hours
i went there for more than a week for more than a week. about about one week
uh, you have to plan, your route, otherwise, it is more tired
because it is possible to think in singapore, i feel very stress or uh
recently, you feel that there seems to be many crowded crowdeds where i go where i go.
uh it is very good, it is very funny
they have no they have fourteen million sheep and four million people and and and and and and and and and and and and and and that seem to be thirty million cows.
you don’t have to find a lot parking space like singapore, so squeezing so hard, so you need to control what cash card is enough
because if you join-because my dad can drive
he is not afraid of driving, i know some people, he is more afraid of driving in a foreign land but
my dad, he is ok, he doesn't want to be with tour's itinerary
just follow the where they are to do what they want to eat. then, wherever they go, they have to wait for three or three people.
there is a little time time. he thinks
what shopping is very cheap food is food is cheap is to say that as if we are not enough
when i go there, i feel that there is a bit of boring in addition to # angkor-wat #, and it is also nothing much alream
to me is also my i i like thai food then
they are talking about cambodia's food should be with thai and vietnam's uh similar
uh because my my brother and mother, they have been to halong bay
i am not myself, i haven't been to but, they said that it is really beautiful.
uh, it's going to see if the people on the other side are the kind of people who live on the boat, right? boat people should be
is it comparable?
they just say quite expensive the air ticket
but what they said there is very cheap as if they are shopping.
it's just uh initial when you go in
its things are very expensive. i know it is very expensive. it seems that if some people tell me, i will tell me
uh, you can do it, but the price a frame of the price
its price even if you have a bit of expensive, you will just want to do it locally
for the rivers for it, it should also be different. i think it may be different from malaysia.
uh, but new zealand is okay with australia australia it is more hot but new zealand is okay
their milk is a little different
compared with singapore, they are not the same.
for because they are very fresh
they are overwhelming, you feel like water very like water when you drink it.
that is, the influice of the influice indonesia of malaysia's influe thailand may also seem to be that taiwanese snacks are also very good now.
uh, i like chinese food, it’s a habit of eating
its food is not the same in different cities, its food is also uh, it is impossible to similar, but it is not the same feeling.feeling
it has a whole row of uh, like shops to sell a lot of things, it is supper joint
it seems that there is a lot of things that open overnight to eat like with chicken rice.
uh, i just went to holland v.
i also eat it very little there, but i don’t know why, it ’s like a few friends like this again, want to eat, want to go to holland v.
uh, the line of this green green green color is just the third stop from the other side
there are no big parks without singapore.
do you like water sports or water activities
it takes almost ten minutes to live like to go to the car.
uh, if you know uh, where is singapore expo?
there is also relatively small indecent offices
uh, it seems that there is no offices like me and me, just be ~ all residential kind of housing
it should be an about maybe three three million three point five or at the most four is almost the same four point-a little bit of four o'clock a little bit a little bit.
ah, i don’t know if i just go to see what it is rides. its theme park
uh the opening, uh, it seems that all of the rides is open
it's fun to be right, but i don't know if i look forward to hopefully hopefully theme park and uh u.s. will not say that
i am going to the united states, i like to go when i like to winter
because it is not so hot and does not need to be so long queue
it's but, i want to say if you bring these things back to singapore, will it say that too hot then seems to be sweating.
uh, i have been to l. a. florida ya disneywork because i have been a disney fan since i was a child
it's uh, i finished the test at the age of sixteen at the age of sixteen.
i have always said that like wants to go to floriiida disneyworld because i heard that it is the largest in its largest scale
there is also the universal but of its universal is split into two parks
he is a one by one.
ah, i prefer islands of adventure. it is more exciting than its rides because universal is more focused on those who do what kind of filming in the scene.
i have never been to and that when i went to the united states before i went to the united states
because although i said i am almost sixteen, i sister only about ten
when you are old, you do n’t know if you do n’t know if you do n’t know
it is las vegas and many casinos. i don't think there is any interest in my children.
because all the location of all the fields can not go in is to take a few photos of the case outside.
it just looks at the kind of magic shows
it is that it is more famous there is the white tiger
at that time, the tigers i knew were all orange color
it seems that we go to singapore zoo without white tigers to go there and they always talk about white tiger white tiger
i just want to see what it looks like that, that i think that the white tiger activity is very beautiful
for but more, it seems that it seems that uh, i think there are many kinds of show magic show.
i do
i don’t know, but if it is really a defect, it is a very beautiful defect
i think it may be because it is a very new thing
it is not common-common tigers, that is, orange sos are all seen. uh, maybe the kind of show purpose people are tired of seeing it.
i was very uh at that time, it was a pity that i fell asleep.
it's already already out, i think it may be small
maybe when you are eight years old, you tell me this hoover dam said so much more beautiful. i don't know how to go to the appreciate
uh, i have been to grand canyon
that is, his tour is from the hoover dam grand canyon. all of us are the same.
i think grand canyon retracts now it is quite grand
but when i remember when i went, i felt that this is not fun you walking around. you see where you see where you see the same look. all the photos you take is the same.
there is no nothing special then now.
fortunately, i have been to lucky
but he may be like him, he may go by himself.
ah donkey ya i think donkey
that's very good, i don't play this, i will get a chance to play
there is no horses we have have horses but do not do
that one is one of my favourite designations
uh, all naturals have not been stored yet seem to have one
uh, the whole place, the whole place is uh, it seems like sand feels, but it is a lot of formation
their homes also built like this
is it because over the year like is rain or wind or wind blows
it will be grinded to you after erosion all the soil erosion
it will erode these structures come out of the over how many thousand of years
it's so uh, the whole piece is like this. up down up down. from a distance, you seem to be a very sandy desert. it seems that the desert is just a desert.
and this kind of struc ~ they are like this structures dome
i am very interested in that and very beautiful to do that hot air balloon
you can take hot air balloon and then in their structures
uh, it go very close to the to the structures so you can feel
but it is also quite big that his hot air balloon may also be or more than twenty people at a time.
but in the end, i did n’t have the opportunity to see that in the morning because he was watching that ya style weather.
it's not suitable for so in the end
it is it that it has another english nickname is cotton terrace because it seems that we grow ulum rice, it is terrace. have you ever seen it?
i think there are many attractions in türkiye.
uh, i remember that every meal is eating the same, because it is join tour, uh
there is its uh mosque
maybe one you went to the most famous, just one thing else, do not go to the like
you seem to be almost the same mosque
the decorations of its structure is very beautiful and he is quite up.
uh, it's strange because they are muslim muslim based country but
they seem to be christian, and there are a lot of muslim and christian, and they are in harmony
there is no conflict because the people on the other side are rarely eating pork because a still a muslim country
they rarely eat pork but. one of them is interesting. a few of its mosque
uh, i used to be cathedral.
because i don’t know what its history is, but turkey also has any wars that have been fighting before being invaded by others by others.
there are a lot of church, many of them now famous's mosque used to be a church before
become fusion is because their mosque has their own kind, uh
uh, it seems that uh jesus mother mary
he painted these things on their walls because it used to use this when church
i don't have the tour guide on their side, the tour guide in turkey
uh, i have to train and ya you need a license and you need a university degree to be their tour guide because they don't want you to put them history.
the things in the country, uh, seem to be wrong with these tourists.
if you just want to be in the capital, you don't need join tour, but you have to go to other city.
it's easier to join a touch, and there are people who are turkish.
their english is a great so language barrier is not a problem
it's better to have a tour more fun, and you can learn his leadership of his tour guide will tell you that their history
these culture things have different experiences to be able to learn where they can learn
it seems that you may not need to go to the united states. you need one tour guide caut. you can go if you can drive. you can go where you can go.
everywhere you can read something at internet, you can gain something, but it is more difficult to like it.
for me, i don’t say that i have to learn every time i go abroad. i am also very fun.
if you still say like you, you will be turkey, i will recomate, you will go because i go because i go to turkey
because turkish things uh is not very exce
you you pay for is maily the tour and then, and their tour usually includes a lot of meals
the food over there, these like not very expensive
türkiye is half asian half europe so
i have an english name, an english name is ashley
i have been working for eight years now, in dell # bayan # # lepas #, the dell workmanship over there
yes, haha is also very common to be asked by a friend that i gave me a response.
i am a current position is a project manager
for example, if they do n’t use computers or computers what kind of problems, i will go to support by phone and then go to support
at that time, some of the customer of some australia new-zealand
so that's probably what i don't understand five or six years ago, so now i turn to do a project manager is to manage some
generally, the computer is very good to make a single selling computer hard body hardware.
margin 50, 60 percent 1,000 yuan, you can earn thousands of five, so now competing for competition is fierce
he must rely on some peripheral products, such as selling a computer and adding some services
then his warranty program is selling more a year to become three years.
so i just design some things about these surrounding products of design to launch market so this is my job.
how do you want to go? you should know that dell's company is not confidential. i think okay dell is a michael dell michael dell. so he has a lot
then the staff of his report came down and there were some other layers of report, so this report actually had eleven layers. he wanted to turn his entire organisation into seven layers.
so there are many people, such as i am a report to give you this manager into me as a manager who will be the same as me like me. so there is one o. e.
it is this globalization o. e. exercise, so many people change the nature of my work, so my work every day becomes the first step. the first step is that i have my manager.
the manager you saw every day here became base now.
at the words of europe
so now i change to u. s.’s manager is even more challenge, so many times i will compare me in time because i work in the morning
so that time different means that if i want to talk to them to talk to them, i am here. m.
so it is important that in the nature of this kind of work, you have to have a certain discipline. you have to know your time your own time
so this is how we see a typical job routine, or from 8 am to 5 o'clock in the morning or 9 o'clock to 6 o'clock.
so the most i have to go to punch in or or punch out
as long as you can deliver, your deliverables is okay
so yes, so many times when we have to talk about the sky through the phone, we use some video conferencing.
in the past, there were still many travel. i went to u. s. then now these budgets are reduced, so i need to see it through video conferencing
for actually me, i was also manager, so i have myself a team so so uh
of course, in fact, i believe that every job is like liaise with some people like this, but the different places before are before
we have a report structure of direct, which is that i have a team seven or eight people. report. i am their manager
those people were report to you before, so you have managed them, you are their management, you can review and their performance, but now you want people who you want to die
they none of them are a reforting structure of one by one. i am not their manager, but uh, we want to be a team
so i am going to tell them about my objective where i am there, so it is very different and challenging.
i yes, i am still deal with a team deal with people, but on top of that i want to have with different people.
so you have to persuade people, you want to conneink because of this dell’s organisation
more than a thousand people, you don’t know, you seem to be many times when you enter the job, i find that the entire business is very
in many colorful, many times you will stay in a department. you will always sit on your current work.
repetitive is very routine, so after doing this management's work, it turned out that the entire business is very large. you will have a different world of the account of the degree of the degree finance.
then another legal team is the legal consultant to need them to need them.
before we just hid in a small world, a world, that is, it is just a support customerter discovered that it was that it said that
one of the advantages of a mul ~ m. n.
it's just that in the oranisation, they have to go to deal with. so this is me and me every day
it is very big.
four night calls in four nights means that every night calls you know is like one or two hours like this
in one or two hours is just meeting alright meeting, it is usually difficult for you to remove it unless you are very powerful multi task after meeting.
then then put him uh organize, and then then add more, that's what he is, so if you can listen to it at 9 o'clock
after two hours, it was 11 o'clock and 11 o'clock.
so if you have a family, you have a family, you have a family, you have a wife, you have a child, if you have a child, it is a very challenging thing, but on top of that
that is, they are the compensation. how manage may do it late at night, but on top of that is flexible.
do you do some laundry to cook your own lunch. it is up to you. sometimes it ’s not very focus
so he will have a certain impact on him is that when you tonight, meeting okay is about 8.9 o'clock.
uh, the affect will definitely impact to uh your life itset so uh, there is good or bad depends on how you manage him
uh, if he is different, he often likes to cook? so do we go out to eat?
so he will be cooked in the kitchen in that kitchen, and then i want me to make sure
if you can, try to go back to so that earlier. we can get the dinner earlier.
instead, it is more regular to regify time
at eight to five, then on top of that, he went to bed at almost ten o'clock, so it was difficult for us to find a balance of a balance point.
for example, i'm tired, i'm going to sleep, he is already asleep there until i don't know how to sleep until singapore, so you know, and i wake up in the morning. i don’t need to be like this.
everyone already knows that he has the nature of his work. this is to be flexible yet has as long as you. i just talked about deliver
uh, i forget what the word is magnify
he has a word, i forgot, he does not care about the right right of such a multi
however, there are actually many techniques for the because if totally no news of technique.
our call on one is to say that direct meeting to talk about not nitssary just work but
some people's things sometimes talk about it, so you can contact some feelings. and after that work will be more smooth
of course i started initiated that thing, so you can say that i do this, you will have a good thing, so sometimes
if this is an ideal's picture, if you want to have to be compromise to find a balance point, then you need to find a balance point.
be able to get some people's support. this is the biggest and biggest skill. then then language and then we talk about the words of the language
it is also a very big problem. i can see some friends and some colleagues. they sometimes compare
it is more difficult to commit not to the english or the english is worse
it is talk about work, so not next to be said that you are a more introverted person. you ca n’t do this work
many times when those discussion will be more focus, these people will say that objective
what do you go to arizona to do there
but my friend said that now it is better a little bitpare to two or three months before he said
that grand canyon
but there may be nothing to play because when i came back at that time, my husband started working. i went to l. a. a.
my dream i must go to original
its sheep is it, it eats grass next to the fence, you walk down, you run with you all over your head and look at you as if you are that alien
because taiwan is not as good as new zealand's entire road
it is you to go to the destination of that particular, you can see that scenery
i think i went to travel, so i went to relax.
not because his project is not in u. s.
because this time their project was moved back to u. s.
is he still doing application same job scoop just like?
because they are not enough for resources
i said, and they are very troublesome to go to negotiate and those engineer to compromise to each other so okay
the 18th to the 30th is because the relationship between the schedule of two time has become so long to be so long
no more, i go to new zealand and okay, i don’t have any starvation, i ’m afraid to come back
his hotel breakfast
its hotel breakfast is delicious and it is buffet style
at night, then they sometimes eat its western food what is good.
the one on the other side is on the left, the one is really equivalent to me to fly to the hong-kong time, you know so big
but last time you go to hawaii, you don’t talk about you sit until twenty -four hours
is your plane twenty -four hours or transit
how many minutes did you go from france to l. a.
really like penang? i thought hawaii was beautiful
you didn't go to see its beach
the other nine countries are still ten countries that are those europe in the united kingdom
i don’t know that i am listening to my husband. he said that since china, i do n’t know which place from china is from that high speed train to europe. you only need to spend nine minutes.be
however, he said that the project of china that may be done soon.
the horror of the road that was built again and again was the last day when i died. sometimes i went to my husband to see the road when i was in intel
it happened that the bride is really really cracked
the same, they flexi time, sometimes he went out at eight o'clock
we are very poor and we have to die by ourselves, so you just asked me if i had a benefit, i said no
there is a difference to choose one of them for you to choose one of them
it is not like intel. it directly gives you a list. i will take you a piece of intel card or what you go any phenic that you feel the next to you.climb to see the disease
there are my colleagues some come from kulim, some come from s. p.
i read it once or twice, and i took it because i took the most of my husband's intel's benefit
i also have one medical card
most i go to see intel
i just made this august this august and now i am doing a research office
so this is the contract worker. it is for six months.
because he is actually the way they are taking that apex now, so he actually wants them to be an assessment
i now daily’s work is the report of other schools in other schools. because of this sustainability, these countries in canada, canada.
ten years ago, they had started this kind of thing, but we u. s. m. i just started
so i am reading someone’s report now and refer to some information. this is because many big companies now have that kind of big companies.
actually, the refort hasn't come out yet. we are doing an outline like
do a refort to give those people know what information you actually want to give us
so this is like an outline.
well, because i heard u. s. m. he seemed to be private now
my daily work um, because this thing may be different from foreign countries in foreign countries, they seem to have gone for ten years.
they already seem to be very advance. it seems that they have a lot of solar panel
then my boss, my supervisor
it seems to help them if i have contact the company that seems to be in the company because of our campus # sejahtera #
it seems that if they are looking for sponsor, we will contact them through us
then it seems that some report may be that report may be
two or three society do it together, and each of them will send their own report themselves
but all are talking about the same project, so we will here
it seems like something like his combine
you tell me to focus on the apex report
tools who come to assessment is to say that it seems that there are many different sustainability assessments of foreign countries.
use that use that refer looks like
but the bad thing is like the entire responsibility is on your body. you can do it?
it means you, and then you have no need to do discussion with others
it will look like this, but it is okay for the time being
my boss is pretty good, he will give many ideas like he will give it
you will go to discuss with him and give itea and always talk about it
are you a person who says he doesn't like the kind of bossy is just talking
i read more, so idea also has more idea
every time i tell you the idea in that book, tell you all the time to tell you
ordinary how do i overcom
if i encounter any problems, i will find my boss
people who are environmentally friendly are coming from people, so he will understand these things like this
so ordinary is looking for him to retrieve him back and return to him like
six weeks i teach swimming because i now teach a few children to teach them swimming class like this
why did i enter lifeguard?
actually, i wouldn't swim before before entered university before
i don’t know how to swim at all and i rarely go to that kind of people who are talking about k. l.
what kind of theme park, what kind of water park?
go to the college after giving me a kinder park like that water park
when the first semester was the first semester, i ran to learn to swim
that is that instructor is very good. instructor comes from our senior
at that time, i first year him seacond year. he taught him to teach
as a result, when we were deceived by him and ran to the second semester, we ran to get live saving and then
he has timing as if you swimming is what timing has what kind of timing
if you want to dive with a under water thing like this, he is actually
then i took it after taking it and then did it like lifeguard.
the first level is to say that you took the first level, you are a lifeguard of certify
ah, it should be considered society. it is called life saving
that cert is what they got out, just say that you took the first level, you are qualified to do lifeguard like this
then you take four levels, then you
you are just you complete, but
it is the same thing that is last that looks like two years. but if you take four levels, you go
you teach the first level, you have become you have an instructor
you are a certify's instructor
because he has an event that they are called compact jump
so then i went to traffic and then i didn't go to jump that compact jump like this
the first level was jumping on the first floor and the first floor. fortunately, i am already scared.
the second level jumps on the second floor, i have been very high, have you been to u. s. m.
is the small swimming pool?
it is useful when you encounter emergar
it's not a good use of this life saving
because in fact, in this course, he has another other course
including like children choking
what is fish ball hotdog every time it looks like this
those elderly people are not stroke, but they can also use c. p. r.
it seems that even can swim in the swimming pool
there is a basic when it is like some skill.
don't have body contacta, it is best to give him aid first.
just basic things we know like this
before, they had been going to training to # batu # # ferringgi # training to rent that kayak
it seems that two people are guard two, and then they have been giving that jellyfish
ding has always giving jellyfish, then swimming in the swimming hand like jellyfish
i was very disgusting.
many of them are jellyfish, but it should not be so poisonous, so they take that kind of vinegar.
it looks like for two and a half hours
it means that we seem to be in our corp
good swimmer, they went to swim for two and a half hours, i don't know how many k. m.
i can't see island, i have been swimming until there is no destination like a destination and then swimming
it's hard to see because we are not talking about swimmer because we went at that time, because i went at that time
there are four strokes in swimming
then freestyle freestyle is actually his name front crawl
because freestyle is actually
i don't know if you know because of every time we talk
the kind of competition is actually the event called freestyle
but you just mean that you can use any four stroke questions.
so all people swim that front crawl, so they seem to treat it as freestyle
then butterfly is the one that should be the most difficult
there is another one when there is back stroke. there are four strokes in backstream
how to save victim as if it is actually that swimming is the other thing to talk about you
it’s not that you don’t need to swim very quickly, but you can do it like you can do life saver
ah, if the victim is in the swimming pool, he is struggle struggle.
their called combine rescue, you want to travel, then you sink and pull that victim up and up
then give him c. p. r. then he kept giving him c. p.
then there are different ways to have different ways. if that victim is outside a meter, and then
the cloth can be saved to his kind, and then or the victim
we will have an event called rope throwing in addition to the ten meter
roll that rope and throw it out for him to pull him like this
ah, some are their name of transportation
it seems that the victim has saved him up and he fainted. you want it
then there are some named piggy back back to him and then some calls
that kind of fireman carry placed him on your shoulder as a whole
just as most of these things are saving people, skill looks like this
it is after many boys lifeguard
we and we are with me and we are in the exam.
it's so handsome to have that lifeguard, so we have that kind of mood to do lifeguard
as soon as we entered, we will have a lot of batch.
fortunately, because u. s. m. students also looked like women than men
it's almost because u. s. m.
uh it has keep keep, how many hours did you have done?
in this way, you know probably, how much you are in one day, then then then
i eat every day, i will see how calorie calorie is like this
here i am more picky in ipoh because i did not participate in family
i have a dinner when i have a dinner.
uh, eat some apple at night or orange
uh, it’s not that i am not often i mean. if it is lunch too much and too full, i will skip that dinner
if there is no skip, i will seem to cook some soup # miso # soup
because we have a day for girls, one day is about two k.
probably two k. this is younger than boys
in fact, the kind of actually can be collected
because you replace your breakfast, your lunch
uh my share my experience i have bought these products at that time.
i drank about five hundred hundreds of things just that set
not t -head
i drank about five hundred when i worked a workmanship and did n’t have to save more than 500. he asked me to replace breakfast and lunch dinner. you can eat
but eat his pill, it seems that you suck that kind of fat, your fat, what do you eat, you can suck it.
he told me to buy okay to buy forty basai oil.
drinking a package of it has four flashor
it wants add sugar and the salt of add. do n’t you drink it if you drink it?
every day you know that you need energy, you see your colleagues
it was very good because of our good food that was pretty good after seeing them, and the price at that time was not expensive.
that canteen food is not very expensive. well, you see if they eat so cool, do you know?
at that time, i did n’t follow me, so i ’m really not smooth. uh, i’ m probably two or three days, so i ’s stop. now the whole package is in my house.
just wait for it to throw this way
i don't understand what the ingredient is because there are a lot of cases before saying what a cancer should be taken to take weight loss pills or is it?
what do you have, ask a lot, a lot, many proplems like this
when i was stop, i can eat his things
because my friend is not a lot and they are not very fat. at that time, i can say that i was the most important girl.
fortunately so when i realize
because i am also a problem with problems i mean healthy
and i'm not young, so so i want to keep
people who do n’t have a more carnivorous animal are not animals, but you say no meat at once
you will always be dizzy, then it's pretty expensive. then calls me to eat four packs a day
one, two, three, four four four four packs, i, my reduce it eats two packs
it's just replace breakfast and lunch
totally is dizzy because it is not cheap, it is not cheap, so don't eat so much so much
i am not used to it, and i ’m dizzy. i had a reduce k. g. but after that at that time.
my within three months is actually two months.
in the morning, a cup of coffee is because i have no coffee. i ca n’t make things in the morning. a cup of coffee then then normal
in fact, when you adapt, you are used to that biological diet, you will not feel hungry
and i, i, my own experie, i am after excercise
right to read the book and say it, ufter exercise with one
if you within one hour, you will be more fat when you eat it
to so you one hour, you shower on the compute, keep walking around, so you will not feel hungry
right, what do i eat nine
for then, i will sleep in the morning until i get up in the morning to drink coffee
at home, my family rushed to black coffee at home because my dad was drinking because i was who family
except for both my two brothers and two bruthers not drinking
because my grandma my grandparent has all been drinking.
did not say that they did not say that they drinking normal water, they rushed a pot of coffee black black coffee and drank it as water
like my grandma grandma was like this at that time
i came to penang, i also went to find old town because old town has more ipoh taste. coffee
go to old town, you can eat three meals as doubled
it is coffee and half a few years before now.
put those coffee fans
because i go to old town because i have been to old town, i will also tell him less sugar
three -in -one, in fact, i drink nescafe green color. after less sugar, i think it is still very sweet
because if you are used to it, if you do n’t drink it, blur blur
it seems that my dad and my dad are very funny. he told us that he would be easily angry if he did not drink coffee a day.
uh because download is convenient
forgot what name is probably ending
that is after #gongshgai #
i forgot the after # gongshemgai # or after
that has been ending for a long time
you can get, i don’t have any donload
in fact, it seems to say uh, let's read computer science
i said it is actually fengyun is the animation.
on the contrary, that avatar has animation, but it also has story there over there
although it is quite long, almost probably the whole scene like three hours
they will feel pretty good for us who do n’t look at comic, you will feel that there is no head or tail
you advertise has always been like advertise. people will go to try to see it.
penang i think it is repeat
so you have been used to tomato, you have been used to tomato from childhood.
in fact, when i moved to penang, i feel that i do n’t get used to it to make things like this. in fact, its taste is completely totally diffrent
because one of ipoh is the same means that it is delicious and you can survive
you are not delicious in penang, but someone eats it. it ’s just your local location suitable. you can do it.
fortunately okay
so in ipoh, i eat different things every day, you ask me to eat a bag of east to drink a cup of things for for for a meal
because at that time, i felt a little bit more like to deceive people.
i told me at that time just for two weeks.
fortunately, if you have money, you can travel without money.
i often go to singapore because i have a lot of relatives over there.
actually, i go to k. l. i can have a headache
if you like it, stop on the side of the road and get out of the car and buy something.
you just have to let them okay, you stop, i just hit signal out like this
it seems to be traffic light. you are in ipoh. you stop there for two or three minutes. no one is horn. your
you turn to green color in penang, you will not leave horn, right?
at that time, there was a travele agent with us for half day half day travel.
uh, what shallow water bay is there in the package bag?
huang daxian was sitting on our own l. r. t. l. r. t.
it is actually pretty convenient to appreciate their uh transport
eh, although there are many people, i haven't said that the traffic jam is very good
because of it, i heard them say that their parking fees is expensive.
it's pretty expensive. they are quite realistic, although the communication has no problem.
you will speak chinese, they will ignore you, this is the china open open market
you are late, so oner, i think you think you can call me
it's not actually that i think its curry fish eggs seem to be our t. v.
i have been looking for it for a long time. i can’t find the then. i just found a street. what is the street?
at that time, we had to choose either either who was ocean park or disneyland then consider to my little brother.
maybe he goes to the shopping center, which will not be cheaper.
for the time being, plan is from phuket
then there is no one like him to choose a lot of flavor.
in fact, there is fun in watson
because i don’t know what i want to buy for you, then i always pay attention to what is made in australia
because at that time, i don't know what souvenir i want to buy for you
i have an orange, have you seen it? i bought it at bali
but he didn't buy it at bali or he was on bangkok
is it cheaper?
i bought a total of three bags there, one is orange
how much money does the money there doesn’t seem to be malaysia money. twenty dollars may be cheaper. i forget
then i think the kind of bag should probably be close to a hundred yuan in malaysia
but the three bags i bought except the other two are more expensive, the other two are seven pieces.
one is not a large one is medium size and one will be larger
i don’t understand whether bangkok is so cheap
then there is the kind of carving that is also very beautiful, and i have a painting when i go to bali. i buy paintings
it is not oil painting. what is it?
really, i am not very beautiful, but it ’s very beautiful. then it is three pieces.
because you will think what you buy there like the kind of bag like you are here, you are here, you are here, you are here
is it a shop or a stall?
what is it? the whole store sells bags
selling a baby a day may be able to cover's rent
i have told my boyfriend before, otherwise, i go there, we go there # kraftangan # in import, come in and sell that kind of jewelry may not have such a high cost
he bought all branded, is it or boutique's?
do you do, you do n’t have a job, he goes together
it may put it in small devices
fast enough to rendering
his building came out
that our former thing is for exmple malacca kingdom
they use one is virtual strike dialer. they are placed on small devices
the then reconstruct then in that small device is the one in it
his device will also know why because it has that g. s.
your right hand side has a lab acoustic lab
in your left hand side is u. u. t. m. k. lab
a research component, whether you can put it in
for for example say, we have to do it as malacca kingdom
i can do it, i believe i believe because of the current game engine
they can be enough
put it down, they are fast enogh because they do not need to delay here like here
he is a few components to do some of them
just talk about you a video clip like this
after you do it, you will put the video clip a few times and will not be very slow.
it's just a long time in that making
maybe he said that user talks about okay, i want to look at the detail here a little bit
this thing is beyond our control
if you want this, do you want to show him a lot of time to real time just reconstruct
because we all know that we are talking about doing graphic
the main thing is that your processor is fast enough or you use g. u. u. graphic processing unit to rendering.
we all know all the way
how can i run such a challlenginging part here?
how do you go to make use of that processor
or i read a piece of paper is that they are relatively simple or using photo
because now we talk about reconstruct our heritage
there are only two kinds of proplem.
it's our fort cornwallis there, don’t be afraid you can use laser point that laser gun
just measure that measurement to put it in virtual reality or v. r.
i know what you said, they also use this to do this heritage things are in that cape town
it is on the side of africa south africa
because the building had already got rid of then, they just took a picture with photos.
if if you can shoot this angle, there is another angle
you can make that building looks like a thrree d. type rather than two d. plan
because our title is stress on heritage
actually you see that u. five seven one
that submarine is actually the most challenging to them
how to show that director's good material is that the less space he uses space
the effect of the shooting is that the director is the most successful one
you may use the but with the big production because you use the money to buy the most important thing for them
because one small place they put in that fish pond over u. five seven one is there
they are v. virtual reality
they all use cloud simulation to do it
it's computer.
the people behind them are made with computerize's graphic
do they do this, please ask all says to talk about colosseum
you can sit in 500 people, they can’t ask 500 people to sit in. maybe may he only be a section
a section he invites someone to do the time, how can he use the copy and paste like this
go down, you can see a lot of people
this is one of the reality so why, you see for
their big difference is the touch of hong kong.
the biggest thing in it is that it is difficult for them to get water. it can be difficult to get water.
because of its fluid
how can you read it?
there is no right right to so why, we just want to reconstruct
the entire kingdom is at least because it talks about the history of malaysia malacca
it is also the most glorious one is to reply our malaysia
two lens so why, you can see that three d. you can see three d. view
you see usually, now we are just a lens
i don’t know this surface.
or their lens is different
every time we talk to see that three d. three d.
is the spec we want to wear
now samsung, they don't have
you don't need that spec, you can also see the kind of effect
it's just that they don't have release out of the last time because of them
after watching them, they will feel uncomfortable and will faint that kind of thing.
thinking about the way to come and go solve this problem
to why, they talk about without the
i have read samsung's things. he said that the glasses they worn by the frame are actually a kind of frame.
they just put it directly embedded in it so why, you don’t need to wear it anymore
that's what their technology
that is to say, he is directly embedded in it
don’t wear so why because it is not cheap for a grain, it is not cheap
you are just if you buy three says, you have a friend, you can’t be a practical
for okay, you have to have such a tv t. v. the second thing that can play is your one you buy
because capacity is relatively large
that kind of so hardware is the one that is quite expensive
for a show, it is also blu ray for more than a hundred and two hundred.
their sam ~ samsung has a technology that the scene you bought if it is not three d.
his hardware can be turned into like three d.
instead of that three d. effect, so that why, you can see that it is relatively different
it's as if we take a picture called optical zoom, the other is called digital zoom
because it uses optical
you put lens in it, it is directly focus.
if you have hardware, it will look more beautiful. if you use software
just be able to help you go to that level but effect is the one that is quite poor
as soon as you go in, you can see a few of it.
he played three so to set up that concave
in fact, they called concave, i think it should be the one you said is concave
as soon as you enter a room in them, you can see that all the things are three d.
it's just that all odesk wants money. if you have money, they can get a few of them because of the lab that lab that to set up.
i listen to that lecturr about a few million to come
do dozens of million and one by one alone
because they mostly, they all have a device that is all the device and the virtual reality
just give them test rather than to use the real aircraft to give them the one
the right and right yely, right, all have such things, but the problem is that you want to buy that equipment in. it is very expensive when you come in
that's my thought in i. pad is to talk about
now i. pad is more and more common.
as soon as i get a few million a few million a few million, million is over
pighting exactly
for those things you have to get to graphic because of this touch
the most consume is your processor and memory at most
it used to be because our computer was just a single core and a single core
no dual core now has sixteen core twelve car
hardware like with should be available
it seems that for that mobile mobile
that is, he said that he doesn't need intel or he doesn't need a. m. d.
he can create a processor to generate a netbook
he doesn't need to have that intel's atoms to finish
right a. m. d. buy a. t. i. get up
now their biggest challenging is
because when it comes to computer or processor, or a server
what is the largest concern in others?
it's the space in the data center you put in that server
the second is whether power consumption will use a large power
do you need a lot of power
the third is that heat
it's the heat produced by your procesor that is not hot in the end
if these three are now the biggest and most selling point of the biggest selling point.
because you know that we are going to put in mobile device, the first is
you need to know that a special thing is his air pressure because the air pressure changes every time
the right and right thing has two different runways in different directions, so when the wind is in the wind, there is the direction of that wind and its stream
it's just that you from one to b, the other is from the direction of the wind, from b to afei to take-off
forgot that i think if it is the side wind, i can't exceed how much degree.
so starting started to fly, we fly quite low, about 6,000 feet
if you are land, if you are
we will make a sequence, you fly and then you do some manual control manoeuvring
then when you go back, you have to hear that you will hear a new new wind from radiostation from radar's side. at that time, you chose to make a appropriate landing
but if it is the kind of gust of wind, the wind suddenly
when the instructor will be land, if there is that wind, he will be abort that landing.
i look like no no
i still remember the process of not teaching me test once
so when taking-off, you have
he will have a line, you have to follow a line control to that plane to that runway
then half of the time you want to stop and do some check
what is the name of some air traffic control?
there is a call sign
those call sign called harer* eight-niner
it's eight nine, but every time i don't pronounce it, like pronoundce is not good
my instructor will laugh at me
so a bit embarrassing
then when i took-off, the control aircraft's control was not very good
but when they tst, they talked about the plane no problem with the aircraft.
so suddenly changing the plane during the exam is a bit nervous
those procedure began to mess up
about 30 to 40 minutes thirty-four minutes
when i fly about normally training
that should be your last fly, so he will do some aerobatics for you to play with you
it's joyride
when i flew to three-thousand feet
as a result, i was wrong switch. i closed that electrical switch
because the aircraft fly by only instruments for power
but because when flying, ninety percent of your time, you have to look at the outside
usually, i usually shut me in the switch for five years. i didn’t see me.
after about five seconds, my instructor is tell me
it turned out that my switch was closed wrong. i turned off that electrical switch
if if he didn't tell me, he didn't pay attention to it, and he might fly too much at once and may start to have something to do.
because propeller is by fuel by diesel,
your left right control can still be cheered normally
old planes are comparable to mechanical
but if you turn off the new aircraft, you can't control that aircraft at all
even if the plane is not electric
it is impossible for you to turn off the power without pow
even if there is no power, he can securely glide
so it's pretty safe, if you turn off that electrical switch
because he wants to fly with a boondary
you have to recognize your direction, if you fly wrong, you may not find the mountain you want, so
if you have no view, you just a few times, you fly over a few times, just rely on your photography memory to remember those places
you can only revise those procedures
then boundary can only recognize it
some manoeuvre can't do it
there is a first phase with a manoeuvre, you want to fly to 6,000 feet
then turn off your engine when it above
what will happen to the plane? what will happen to lose engine power?
how bad, i just remember to do two three times
fly fly to fly past
but i didn't notice that i flew on the other size, so i actually fly out of my flight path
that switch
it should be okay
because if that switch, if there is a switch, it will
if it is not good, he will fail me right away
that's why at the point of time is not considered as failure
after that mountain misset drops that mountain, i can’t pass the mountain, but it ’s okay
on the contrary, after fail, i am quite relieve
he is singapore but. they are all from singaporeans
it's just based in that australia for that person of time
their family has their own house car over there
their salary is more coming more than staying in singapore
so after fail
you can also tell me your future like to me
so one of them is the get into's program of the program, you get insto, the program, they will subsidise, your the flying count everything
another career is so difficult to enter
if you are ordinary, you may take your own life
i think it's all two hundred and three hundred thousand commercial pilot license are so expensive
only by.
so you can only fly military aircraft
you are outside, you are not you without you, without license to fly
you have to take a test of the transport pilot of airforce unless you are airforce
need to pass this commercial transport of the regulation
that's why there will be a pilot livense in transport pilot
right, so many people in air force want to go to transport
sent to transport because
you after airforce, there are still pretty good
that's f. fifteen is new
but f fifteen is not the best, but it is good
the united states is american based
malaysia malaysia likes to use russian russian planes.
there is a dough
the latter is the weasel fighter is the responsibility in front of it.
he is the kind of responsible for fire missle
this is his advantage is good
only for pilots and their server as pilot can be regarded as the n. s.
as long as you have a server, you can leave if you just have two years.
even if they really did not consider military flying to stay in the air force
flying may be deliberately drop-out in halfway
so it's a loophole
many people like to have this kind of flying experience very few people, so many people like to choose.
so i also want to see why i don’t try it since i am on army
just try
just because he just wants try a computerized test
so i have only used that computerized test. you still have an interview
when they were australia, they actually taught you to test it by the way.
so you fly the first three times
if you are faint for three times in a row, you will be fail directly
my first time, i am vomiting
i have seasick seasick airsick, i have a little scared
he will do some aerobatics
he will do that loop around and the roll
there is no strap, but you will feel that g-force
at first they talked about your first ride will be your joy ride, which is very fun because it is the instructor takes you to fly everywhere
but because the first time he was at the beginning of his time, i was a little faint
so from beginning to end, i endure my nause nausea then.
as a result, after he finished that loop, i couldn't take the baby directly. i vomited into it.
so it is okay but
but at the plane, you have that up and down the feeling terrific
that s. i. a pair
there is no the capabilities to take a livense for itself expensive
one more advantage is that if you have myopia, not about 500 once. you pass. if you are this way, air force will sponsor you sponsor you to corter.
so it will have its healing is relatively fast. maybe you can continue to see it the next day
but because when flying, there will
so may
so they not recoming to use recoming lasik because he is heal by the side ray
so it's grow back to original
there will be no way for the like lasik over there, but its healing time requires one month two months
it's one eye one by one to make you one eye. heal, you can't need to see the other side. so
okay, it's not one at a time that should be a problem at a time
very cool cool
you came from china china
it is a small town like tamworth
there are we are using australian air force group
i am very happy when it rains, so because doesn’t need to travel. we can stay more for another day.
there is quite slow life where life is quite slow, so the weather is quite good.
there are their actually have talked about it
because most of them are retired pilot, they came from the air force butr
so they take pay to compare them with them hold the aame rank, but the pay is less but a little bit.
i heard that they have overseas allowance and family because their family there and pay for their room car.
then relax flys to about two o'clock every day, then will call it a day
have your own bed, your own toilet, your own bathtub very comfortable
so a student student
then there are about seven or eight normally.
but there are about eight people in next batch
there is only one person pass so
not necessarily ah, they think you not up to the state, they will kick you out
i heard that they will talk to fail's fail's trainee. it is better to stay outside
maybe speaking from their peersonal experience
i don’t know if you are here to comfort you or or their real experience
almost this kind of meaning
so when i started to fly at that time, i was worried that i would not be afraid of being in controlled
but at that time i wanted to pass, not only not only not only continued to fly, but also to prove that my strength is my confidence
when i got up, i was shaking over there and it must be trembling. it must be very trembling. the anxiety i was going to fly at that time
and my instructor is strict, special, strict
because it is a double dual control, there is a procedure
you want through the general* you have to talk about i have control
he then wants acknowledge that you have control
i can only take the control of that aircraft
so sometimes you can fly halfway, and he is i have control.
so it's a matter of demoralising
just hit the cockpit of against and see that i did n’t see that i did n’t see that lake. below he asked us to see that lake is below
because you have to fly very hard, fly above, see the following
you don’t visitically look at it. you really rely on the pond over there
so he really pushed your head like this and hold your head and hold your helmet
later, there is help, but you will feel it is insulting like this
that's pretty demoralizing
you are continuous continuously flying everyday
so after you fly today, you need pick it up
actually my experience is pretty li little
others will continue to go back to australia and continue to fly
because i was fail this time because of fail
they stayed more on there five months like this
actually after this phase
you need go through a g-lock test
i don't know if you have heard of g. sit in that thing g. sit in that thing
so he will think a
because this kind of symptoms is the pressure of under nine g, you can see it so he just has such a disease
as a result, go through an operation
then he and he listened
maybe you go through this operation, you may fly in the future. actually, your opportunity is quite rare because of the opportunity to fly because it is quite rare
because you have sauce heart condition
no one dares to take up this responsibility
they said that the opportunity for you to fly is that even if you go to this operation, you still have a chance to fly.
he just decide to cancel dropout
he is also in n. t. u.
and recently contaid
the other is last month. he just flew back to last month
then he has ear infection ear infection
then when you have ear infection
your balance in, i don’t understand what exact term is
so every time he flys, he will be disconized every time he affects his performance
then just coincide with a check of periodically
then by right, he can fly a few more times more times to improly his flying, but it is
sometimes they do things that they feel troubles
they told him if by has been flying in the past two times and we will send you back
but the instructor told him that you just need to fly a few times or twice, you should be okay
so just a bit unlucky, he didn't continue to fly
i heard that i came back in just a month, so it’s not a big problem
i used to be tank army tank technician
fix tank and then me
i was sent to the other side and then i went to that o. c. s.
then i stayed in one week. i was out of course because i was bitten by a mosquito.
then i am out of course
then i go to try out for pilot
then i got it for me and i went to australia for one for one month plus
he will teach you how to control in a short period of time
after learning two weeks, he wants you to start flying
next to the instructor sitting there, there are about eight times.
in the eighth time he will grade, you see if you have enough qualifications to continue flying
after eight times after flying, you can go to second phase, you have to continue to fly about six times for the second time
you want to pass, then you can continue your course
continue other things other things
then be right i can go back o. c. i can go back o. c. s.
i only need to be less than one and a half years, i don't need to continue, otherwise i want to be my n. s. service
different, i think it's very different because they usually go to a course, they follow the course and then go to their unit and their troops.
go to taiwan and then, they play fight atech*
probably stay there is about four months
then i passed out o. r. d.
i went to a lot of count, but i didn't really learn a skill like this
i said what do we do every day, what will we do every day
in the morning, we have to report
therefore
if you fly that day, you can’t eat too full, otherwise you will be too full.
its breakfast is very delicious
there are many different fruit juice with bacon and scrambled egg
it is only when it is a second phase
you must check its weather before fei fei
you need to know which aircraft you used that day which what is the flow number
because when we fly, fly can't be too cloudy
if you are too cloudy, you cannot see your flying path
so you must understand what the cloud condition of the day is
when you do circuit training, you will be very unstable, so you have to understand
when you turn around, you have to know what is the cind codition
but there is any condition you need to understand the day
i am derrick this year
i am derrick, 22 years old this year, 22 years old
there are four people in my family one brother
brother is in n. s. mom and dad are working
i have no spect
he went to poly at poly and then a little later than me
so for the time being, it is still n. s.
my internet basketball likes to play
i like i like to play guitar
every day, he gives him call to him every day because it has been replaced by a new keyboard by send.
i have to have one more time again.
we will have that kind of customer basically.
if you want to be well care, they are more careful than the customer of sensitive.
then there is another outside the day before yesterday. he is better than how much he is.
we changed to a new one for him.
that bad hard disk, i told him, do you do what do you do, do n’t give me back to us, do you tell me what is broken, what do you do?
he was going to ask me and asked me back to me. then he said that he was afraid that we would take him back to the data who saw him back and saw that he was afraid that we used him to use him. i told him that i can give you for fourteen days.any computer store put the contents inside, and then return us and he talks again
he said that i wouldn't give you anymore. after he turned off the electricity, there would be such people like this.
it will be a little bit more annoying demand
when you collected it, what he said, i want to give you money, i told him that this is terms and conditions.
then he told me that i did not buy the parts in the laundry laundry machine, if i was broken, that person helped me to repair that old one is useless, it is useless
that part washing machine is really broken.
i can’t use it for you, but hard disk is a hundred pieces of dongxi, but it is still in the inside.
there is one month to travel for a month.
it is also a way to see slides like lecture every day
after watching slides, there is also called phone buddy after watching slides for an hour left for a day. you go to the kind of people who do it to listen to electricity.
your electricity can take one more head set, we wore another extra head set to listen to how they talk about what they say
see how they are log case, so i learned like this
at the last week, the reverse-reverse buddy is that it is my turn to listen to me to listen to me. senior is responsible for listening.
there is no tech support.
because the girl technical girl can speak to customer, it sounds very good, very good, but it is very beautiful to stroke customer, but she will not try shoot.
there is a trating, but i see that the girls who are in the same batch in the same batch are really learned to learn slower.
they can talk to customer will be okay, but where is his technical? customer throw a question about it.
not enough recognition is also because of the different department of the tech support that the tech support is back to tech support.
it's better than saying that i just said that hard disk, don't die, don't pay back hard disk. customer.
it's the kind of step
you know the way, you can cut, is it?
i have call over streamyx
he also told you to do this to do that restart and then do this again and then restart
i can't do his reset line
after he reset line, you can check it if you can't get the service.
this is basically because we dell is basically because it is only because
if you first call, we will have case
because we will trace every laptop has the kind of serial number
we are the kind on that serial number ~ serial number
you can see your name. call's case record
we pick up proceed to the next east and west
it's settle
just settle is right
you use hand phone to fight with your money without money
we are like this, you use phone home line to come in without any deduction of toll free
but i listen to it
it's for the new all of the new parts.
there is no plan
rarely played when it was played, and the kind of flatdays was running all day when i was finished.
watching the show is also a basic that these two are basic
the remaining time is playing in the room or playing or playing with the kind of alignment in the school.
before, the creation of u. k. m.
no me is my elder sister before d. j.
the local singer malaysia, in the local area, did not have the first time that my sister and him were also the wu jiahui of the penang.
because my dad will also have the kind of music and the kind of guitar, my mother, my mother is singing.
the older sister is okay, the elder sister came out to do d. j.
if you sell a song, you want to see how you sell you direct or sell or sell agent to sell it. if you want to be drawn the first point, you will give you a song directly to you advance, which may be a thousandmore than 2,000 yuan, that's fix from fix
for example, he was in k. v. there was shooting m. v. there was a shot m. v.
i don’t understand this one who i don’t know if i do n’t know this depends. it depends on the sales volume.
if the sales volume is very high, you can draw you, even if the fix sells in wuba xian, it is very high.
she will never be able to settle in a feeling of east and west.
then do d. j. it ’s all day in the recording room, and you have to sit there in the middle of the room in the middle of the night.
then she did it for two or one year or two years. she ran to xinjiapo xinjipo. there was a company to write a book.
they are going to publish a book and company
after that, my sister added one of the authors of the author, and many of them wrote that after she wrote that machine, she would go to her to go to japan to go to korea.
just go there interview people there and write it after writing a record.
she reads i. t.
all others do other is like this. we all feel that the whole family reads science.
because it is good for us to enter the zhongling or enter penanghua, you are all good.
you enter the class you entered the arts, and the students are all those students who have not had such books.
enter mass com proves that she likes her like a comparison
i am not very happy to science.
every time i go to dajian, my performance is more than the related to science. i am worse than that
after that, my achievements rely on those non -science who are not related to science.
they are very happy to follow the team and walk with the big team. we can only walk with the team. let ’s take a look from their thoughts first.
then she said that she was very negative told you that this one cannot be washed, and you can't wash your brain. after washing it, you are afraid that you dare not choose. you can’t choose it.
no need to say that i moved back, because i was flat at k. l. it took me a long time to come back.
there is no real large part in penang, just my elder sister is in k. l.
because of the last time i was in k. l. my elder sister was still in the new slope. she returned to k. l.
last time i was in k. l. # bangi # because i read u. k. m.
shuang just said that shuang is now coming to work and work. limit is the first to learn. you have student card to watch the drama and sing.
there is a whole department to go to the kind of g. c. t. t. g. v. the academy of theater, as long as you go to the student card at six o'clock
after singing k. it's also you go to green box, sing before for six points or have the kind of lunch hour, you have ten yuan student card.
ah, usually the boss will teach you other
the difference is that when you start working, that is you, prosat is
you have been working for a year before you can take this propat
our career path
because we seem to be like this sales exection. there are three stages
but if you pass the three stages, you didn’t take this prosat
you can't get on the product exec. you can't go up to the product exec.
ah he will have no commission but he has incentive
his incentive is talking about a few products every year
if customer sales acacorder is there, he will have incentive
because uh sales exec, they are
his basic
followed his incentive
his basic will be lower than him than him, but his incentive will be more than product execrati than him
but in sales exec, they do not have management.
today, my incharged's session is w. i. p.
it is our m. s. system to track
so we must have a system to track
in fact, there are three people in this trining
then three instructor
will involved
there is also a last session
because our company is consist of
many customer
so every customer has different pack up process
maybe this customer he wants specific, i want in
this customization can be do
ten people in one class
then some experience on previous job as a
some are purely as a developer.
have we have syllabus, we have break up to many section
go to assembly configuration to w. i. p. tracking
go to inspect test
and out of box audit
and pack up plus shipping
it is our previous's senior as us as us
he already has some syllabus who has prepared so far
it is our own company developed
some customer is temporarily now their route map is just looking at
is it possible that the jade material you bought is very is a vry early stage to see if they system can be all the customer into, our company
but they are just the current stage is target field customer
then implement and then explore to see if you can adapt to all customer
we are using microsoft technology
temporarily the same platform
basically, those configuration vice
it's just that we have a lot of customize for own customer
not e. r. p. purely on manufacturing system our e. r. p is running on s. a. p.
the future is because we have a lot of e. r. p. system and shipping.
because we now have to do a lot of integration
so management hopes to say okay one platform for all just a from planning
it can only be because s. p. its configuration is very complicated
then there is no such flexible. if you want to do a lot of customization
you need a lot of experty*, and then you have to involved a lot of coding. this will be more troublesome
there is no such flex so far, but
this new application
i don’t know very well because i do n’t have involved. i probably know so far as a s. p. called
what is the problem is that it will happen to say that okay as a job
go to see if the service is on there, there is a file there
sometimes those files are not coming or those file uncompleted or those files are problems with the system.
he may s. p. there is a problem over there
but they report okay, your m. e. s. system
there is a problem like that is why
these integrates are
use figure further feed linkup
so there is no such direct
this is their final goal that means that if you use s. a. p.
there are a lot of from from
there are some of those net working
look at different customer
with our base is u. s.
because each size is actually independent
but there are also regions
then because of the like finance is very standard
if they want to look at those finance's result, everything is very state, but for manualiafacturing
so it is more difficult to see that you want cross among the size
without me recently, i have a language assignment because they want migrate to go to a new s. a. p.
i don't understand why they just don't have such automated process the system not intelligeure enogh to recognize this word is belong to chis one is belmany or what what what, and then
it wants us manually to go from the pulled of list
so i am assigned to simplified chinese language
then systems is record of this simplified word
no, but ambiguous includes other like german
obviously, but you still want to go through that list
but if it is other words, it will be appeared as very weird.
but you open it as a i want to view as
then you have to go there to go through the whole list
when there is no system show, it comes from the word
then or a colorn, a color
there are all list of word
we do n’t have such an experty.
there are some words because we may be mix in except system
for example, we can mix english and english, such as the bill of talking about a b c
this belongs to chinese simplify, but there is a b c in it, but we can't say that this is english word pair
this is actually belong to simplify chinese
because we have some combination chinese and english
because okay
those s. a. p. p. p. p. it is very profitable but for future
there are very few talents that look like this
then it happened so their demand is very high, but
the longer the days, these experts are getting more and more expensive
in fact, many consulting firms will reduce costs and now s. p. become more and more popular in malaysia and then they will then they will then they will then they will then they will then they will.
to reduce costs, do not engaged.
they will have a program like us.
so we have some courses okay. if you do not work
but the reality even s.
their firm is okay and cooperate with government.
so in this case, it becomes his s.
so they become those very expensive consullant may be in the future.
actually i really don't need this experience cs
i might be intermediated, i think it is okay
because i just engaged one or two is enough, so my market i think in the future
it should be that no such salary will be high
because you make it popular, like dot network, okay streets are all dot network people who dot net
it becomes okay you competi ~ competition among themslves
so the current college students are very good to order them when they come out, they can choose, you can go s. p.
this is okay like this
unless you come to sit exist extra, it is because i am not very excited.
be sure to go to certain level as a golden
hmm to certify
it's just that i know that last time i had check, i had to have to attend's entire course for training alone.
maybe they have a lot of projects
but if those s.
seventy -thirty looks like that is why, and the policy that like them like this is the policy that looks like they can reduce their cost
they are divided into two of them and technical.
that is to say, they have some customize business rule. they want quote
then functional is just responsible
then there are internetation and support
because its interface is very state and and
it won't be difficult to use like excel. it means that it actually wants the experty* not necessarily because it is also back group from i. t.
so that is why, do a lot of s. p. p. consultant.
because configuration okay is just configure
he didn’t move that gate gate gate only may he be go through everyone.
but because s.
because it pays great attention to it is okay your domain knowledge on financial
it seems like those invoice legend check in check out what ghosts are like the configuration like like
they want undertand the process more on the business process, you have to be strong, then you can do this s. p. functional of
so like planning is the same planner.
so in fact, in our s. p. m. e. for manualing execution.
knowing that the product line, what kind of thing is that more than your i. t. back ground knowledge okay i can do the question.
what do you want to tell me?
i haven't watched the show for a long time. my most beface piranha. what i see is clash of the titans
it is worth a certification comparison
for a piece of paper, you can watch it after a day, you can buy it. v. d. then you can see it.
why read a master because certification is important
if i am in business in business
ah custom content management you can press here to follow here.
you can manage your stock or what the family says okay. if i want to use this software, i want it, what is it?
yes, i said that after taking certification of then, there will be experience.
there are many that you are alone to deal with the whole ten.
i have read it for three years.
master a year, now p. h. d. no stop to arrive
because ah tempted by outside world
you seem to be a lot of friends, they have already worked, for girl, you must dress up
they are spent all more than 2,000 every month.
want to dressing
they will compare each other between girls say
today, you have a new clothes. tomorrow i will buy it today. today i will wear new clothes. every time i have to get, you have to get.
i ca n’t really, i ca n’t, i, i have a lot of things. i do n’t need a lot of money. it ’s like me handphone
but a lot of things also have to spend. for me, i will not save food for food
we have apply grant, but what g. a is still holding school now
i teach java in the class of doctor ganesh
do in u. s. m.
i know the first doc first
but when i was in my year, i did n’t have such an offer.
there is no, they are not offer, because many lecturer
they are retire, and they have to do so here
no right, so they paid a lot of money, do n’t give the scholarship anymore
this is one problem and another problem is that there are many lecturers sitting here
i also work with nav six to be deliver training
i worked with nav six
i am finish my f. y. p.
there are pay with nav siz, but it is not a penang based so to rush to k. l.
because there is nothing like this in penang
k. l. they are very push i. p. v. six
no. p. v. four so they had to catch up with i. p. v. six to know how to deploy all so k. l. there are more busineses in penang
still they took their sub's company
but if i go to ask my cousin to do? you don’t wear a watch
she will be answer, i do, do you want to wear a watch and watch for you up to two functions
or you can use your handphone as your entire house's controller
you open your door and use your handphone. you open your air-con use your handphone
too much i. p. will it be a proplem
if you don’t have enough i. p. people will complaint without that kind of service
so you have to block
if you have the three point two times ten power thirty two, i. p. addresses, you will block off the maybe half of it
you can allocate
if you don't have it, there must be any arguments.
because in a block, you can duplicate a lot, many, and addresses so.
if what happens, where.
you can have for i. p. v. six beside. i. p. address you also have a lot of added value
it seems like improvement of security quality of service
you can also talk about it like this. if you are not because of because of i. p. v. four
they can do tunnelling
that is, they talk about okay going to talk to you, you talk about okay, i will do a tunnel
but i can talk to you, you can’t talk to me, you want me authorize you
because i. p. v. six just anywhere
too much socuriity is not so safe, just like this
you can't monitor too much for too much
it is provided you external security but at the same time. it will compare vulnerable to attack
because there is no content filtering, they did not put server in asia
it seems that if policeman wants trace local
the most opposed is middle eastern
everything, you have a good thing, do you have a good privacy?
it's like you put c. c. t. v. so
you can be monitor, but you said that you have no privacy because your action is also bebing record
because if i think last time people, what they do, they do not know to others
they did they only announdce
now the people are opposite
without okay, i will go to london, i am glad flying to london.
it seems to be notify people
that question is that they have to put things all day and get the attention like this
but such a person is more suitable for doing it.
not talking about tractitional i prefer to have my own space space
you are very troubled because there are many people who you do n’t know which one to choose after the then there.
because they work tension, what is it?
ah, i have a question, that is, the students of chinese ed
ah, there is no mix with me
because there are language barrier
i know what they said, but when i answered them
actually, i have hokkien okay too
my hokkien okay
but they don't know why don't talk about hokkien then i ask them
you will also be hokkien
i, i am a pronoundce also
i don’t understand if i do
they told me that they were saying that mandarin seemed to be internic
if many people will talk, if you talk about hokkiiii as low standard
the place that is bad for the right is chinese
you, you told me that cantonese is okay
bai that p. p. stream
i know but there is no time to download
i think the first episode is free of free
for the fifth episode, you also have follow
i don’t know what i me is usually.
run from south to north
but we do n’t have any on our as possible.
this is waiting for it because of our fach ~
that hotel four season hotel
the most lively place is on the most lively place in aquarium
unless you love history and want to understand these things
i don't understand this should be national park bird park
the cool one is that there is a high waterfall side to the crocodile side
i don’t understand that they talk about the tide to have water because i have been to the waterfall twice
it's like nature to help you massage very tall and very high.
then i stood next to the waterfall like this.
then the man dares to be because they are only brandon.
it looks like the water faucet, so that the then then, then then, did not feel it.
so when hou did not play in the water, he went to crocodile farm
also alive
if you don't need you, you don't need to go in
this is not easy to open up to save money to save money aquarium, and they do n’t have to go to them to go to aquarium to go to k. c. c. aquarium to see
but k. l. c. c. there are a lot of
there are a lot of aquarium who did n’t go. if you go again, it ’s worth playing.
then the natural fish spa from the island when i cross the island
then fish will bite your dead skin
ordinary beauty salon has # langkawi # there are you don’t need to give money because you cross the island
and you have to think about the water at salon beauty salon, which may use ordinary water
if you cross the island over there, maybe it should still have flow
maybe your feet are really dirty. his flow flow drops that you will not be so dirty.
so if you want to play these beauty spa, what happened to be on what allergic happened to be # langkawi # seems to be
otherwise, what do you think of the newspaper? what is the natural fish spa?
but you think of yourself logically thinking about it.
his fish will always eat that pond in that pond
it is also extended over there. the fish is healthy. it has nothing to do with its teeth.
so go to nature
go there to play kayak
if you don't want to save it because of money because of the money problem
after eating high choleosterol, eat fats things fats, i don’t eat it
after the dessert is eaten first, when i do n’t eat it when i do n’t eat it, i wo n’t see the drool over there
then convent
fortunately, he has nothing to do, what does prayer want to do?
because my cousin sister has nothing to do with me. we seem to be different.
then it is difficult for me to be mix around and then i will not socialize
because i am a person who is more passive.
so my cousin sister has her own friend
when you are happier, you are in form two
if the grades are not good, you feel that you have no expected info to get it that you can't help them.
then when i two, i did n’t think of my grade every time i scored first.
how to teach those student to understand those clockwise and anti-clockwise
because i mathematics is very good at that time
because he understands that i have time, it is good to mathematics
very pitiful once she didn't come to school for a long time because she wanted to operate
then every time the operara comes back, put a pillow in the chair
because of operate gambling over there
when i four four form five, i still remember i gave another one
my physics teacher likes me very painful and i am very pamper. i
very fierce, she will like me for discipline teacher
not ban fajia ban fajia, but also discipline, another short she is our physics teacher
then because my emotion will be very high and very bottomless
because i am a very emotion, i said it ’s happy and laughing, it’ s strange.
however, he taught physics to not understand that it should be a person i know more about physics.
so when he taught him when he taught him why he wanted us to undertnds, only i understood it, so he was very pampered me.
then physics, although i am not physics, the best, but often physics scores the highest score
it’s not that i physics is good, but because i will compare these things # tafsir #, so i value me like this
he won't be very show off that hurts me so much
when taking pictures, he often told me to shoot with him, so proud, very proudly, there is no teacher who will treat me like this like this
there is another english team that it hurts me very much
when they took a picture, they were very happy to shoot together very well
i really don’t know that it is not all convent.
but my school is all women in convent girl school
the most annoying is b. m. high school
there is really no memory
then my partner best friend deborah chao
she also taught her too much. she taught me to sing church song
i also taught me memorize church song because she felt inferior and down, so i taught me to sing church song
but it's not tightly, i just dinner in front of the buffet in front of a meal
the church will look like a floor and many people are like do feyer together.
then she talked about her beast.
then it seems that people who are very invested will seem to be the upper body or spirit upper body.
i'm afraid, fortunately, i'm sitting on the wall against the wall and watching it
very horrible, that's a mess, don't treat me, you can come down to eat dinner loh
i just enjoy that buffet meal
then after that took me home
at least experience at once such a strange church
then open the song book of the church song
then they still have guitar
very powerful to bring guitar
then accompany the accompaniment to sing a few more songs
then okay after sing's song after song
then look at some crab
then its shrimp is very beautiful. his shrimp is like a little star jumping there because there is a lot of waves behind the wave of that boat.
the little shrimp jumped down from that root and jumped off and jumped it. many small dolphin jumped there, but the white shrimp jump jump jump jumps from the shrimp
and it's not like this, the jumping is very powerful and white.
just take boat and then give us experience to drive boat's experience
but it's not my turn to drive them thirty people who drove their church
if you don't turn your turn, don’t fight with us very hard. you can't kick like this. i didn’t say sorry.
because boat dare not leave too much
and that's not the big size that size is big
it seems that your size is like #jia mai # my size #jia mai # 好 #jia mai # # kawati # four size.
fortunately, he was sitting in the middle i was in imagine. if he was sitting next to him, i don’t know if it would be crooked.
when he called winson, he almost hit that because of the reason
just talk about his boat close to the place where he was tied and then a qing was almost hit
because they are church
so they are all speak english. only me, the mandarin, and wait in it, and no one cares about it. i feel like i am lonely again.
but ah qing ah qing is okay because he watched and cute is friendly again
girls don't know what it is called gentleman's feeling
because church song is a lot
i don’t understand them to talk about page number or song number
so when he was talking, i really didn't know where to go. tinghua came over and told me song number
then i found song number
his voice is very strong, he can sing treble, he can pull it
in short, sing k and call him to go
he sang adam lambert's song very nicely
he sings there and sang him as if you don’t have to take mic that strong.
and court is very aggressive
he among that trip
by the time that mangrove farm
he is mangrove
mangrove farm, the root of the mangrove farm is very high, and his roots are very high. he even climbed to the top root.
soon, 噔 噔 噔 噔 噔 噔 很 很 很 很 很 很 很 很 很 很 很 很 then the man's man later climbed up than tinghua #xia suay #
when he climbed up, he was still holding over there. he was very hard when he was very poor. he was very poor and he was busy to teach them how to step over there.
because ting is different from rock climber
then the uncle called wei-leong to talk about climbing and climbing
show you show that # bakau # its mangrove farm.
its diameter art, around two inch only
its roots will not be broken, and that uncle speaks because # kuala # # gula # has these mangrove farm, so when tsunami
and it is very disappointed. when our trip afternoon came there, we only visited the salted duck eggs in two places when they came there.
very funny their translation diary translation uncle can not speak english
because the tourist guide speaks chinese
then the arou in the inside ~ just a man in the translate inside
then translate to salted duck eggs
then he direct translate and then it is good
it's funny, direc ~ is he what he said?
because his chinese is also pretty good, he did not do it.
i know how to make the salted duck egg after that, go to the factory of # arang #
so at first, many cigarettes because of the moisture in the tree
it ’s really less cigarette. when they smell fragrant, he’ s akay when he is very nice.
otherwise, people who are powerful do business are very good.
but the machine is not cheap. hardware is too expensive
he may be invest. those pumps are on their mobile side
but he might use him o. s. instead
now see that windows mobile can't
he is poor in market, so he may change things like unix
he also started started that p. d. a.
it's strange that i will never succeed in life cycles
without them, i seem to change me and tell you to cooperate with intel to do the mobile to fight android
still researching that there is no real release
now it should have beta version's website
there is no way it is too slow. it may pay more attention to on that c. p. u.
then now pay more attention to atom to see him seeing this market, so he invented the atom to get the mobile market for mobile
if the one you came out of o. s. then there is no developer to help you write program for you to write o. s. application. your o. s.
i think i said he will open source and give us to know those source and give you free development
then or they can control some device, so do not write too many pieces of writing. standardize
maybe user will write what they like and come out for themselves
i can't like what he wrote from the user
so he design for himself.
it seems that when buying windows, they are also locked a lot of source code
he just gives library, you use it, but they also make money, he buy that thing for you
i think they are control market first with market.
in fact, i am also very ordinary at a university.
yes, there are socialize and also looking for friends like this information
reward deverteropoper
then those facebooks, those who are very famous, those companies of zynga, and they also earn hundreds of millions of dollars in facebook
also application
several of my classmates have a company that should be done by those business solutions
if we do it i. t. this should not be the need for such a big capital
slowly know the reputation people and become famous.
there were a few of me. at that time, course mate
i want to find a concept to do business solution
come out to do web or freelancer
then they will go to a chemical area
just then the company of chemical will come
ah, i usually introduce what the needs that looks at it first is the hospital
yes g. k. glaxo smith kline
ah it is also a company that origin from germany okay
because he invest a lot is in penang almost
for example, there is g. s. k.
and there are a lot of medline
our specialty, our company's specification of the specification of the code of this consumable
ah service okay complete service complete service to this ah the entire hospital
no company will give it a complete service for the time being
the complete thing is to talk about a patient advance
enter a hospital okay in admit
what kind of medicine, we do not have specialty in medicine, but we will have them in them
we have no problem because we actually have b-braun hospital in germany
because we are enough to get up a hospital
we have five manage manufacturing plant okay
in the five inside, the first one is to do this surgical instrument
it doesn't seem to be a knife and a knife okay
the meaning is good, but it seems that you will see the previous way of playing with a knife.
it means that you all take a iron, a hammer okay to burn the iron at a very hot speed
only came to make into an instrument of a surgical
this cannula is our center of excellence
why does it mean to be excellen
meaning, there is only malaysia produce in the world. the product is in penang
asia is still european country or united-states, they need this cannula in that south-america
we will give him okay at penang
its saline is the bottle of special in its bottle.
ah, they will use it to burn once.
its bottle is done in malaysia
because we b-braun believe that we use hand made to compare with account
that dical is able to be b. braun factory to shaarpen it
so
all the people who make a knife for it are all from skilled worker
they will send germany to (
they will check section by section if a scissors
for example, a scissors will check from the top to the end
their dimension is all okay
all of them with defects will take it in and do it
because the machine is made, there is no like a person does it.
it makes a lot
because if you use a machine, they will not custom made for this surgeon all
because all our hands are all, all of the hands will be different
i have done it with machine
there are three types of products in penang
it's almost the same as that plant will take about two years.
that plant is fine
because there are many request now
why is our cannula is one center of excellence because our cannula is
in this medical equipment field
also, baxter white is one of the very big big room
and this b. d. bec ~ becton dickinson okay
and johnson and johnson johnson and johnson is also their specialize in this surgical's instrument
they are specialize in this infusion pump okay in i. c. u. he and o. t.
usually they have a company in malaysia
but their company only has distribute ~ distributor
then they did not have no manuofacturn company for the time being.
temporary in malaysia is b-braun
in malaysia and their manufacturing
it seems that b-braun has also has their sales office
in the world, we have forty manufacting plant
the entire b-braun has almost 14,000 products
we have hospital care okay
we have basic care
we have this wound
a department usually exists
seven people to cover, a malaysia okay
another person will represent east east coast
then another person will represent central as it seems that it represents the representative
represents the side # klang #s of k. l. kuala lumpur
then another person will represent the size of this southern
its distance will be relatively far okay
our main custer
the hospital's hospital and the private hospital of the hospital, we have another depart ~ another, a team team
uh, my name is x xuan qi c. c. c. year one's students here
that bidding is a first come first serve when you register your courses compricd to n. s. you have to give you a form point system then you must bid then i like cause. analyze which course you wantyou want to do this
i live in hall eight hall eight in a. d. m.
then it is more convenient for the hall nine but hall eight
sichuan can two
that n. u. c. a. c. f. f. c.
then i will follow the next few months.
especially staying far away, i live in serangoon
then i recently found that job that job for one hour nine.
just n. u. u. alumni to make a one time do quite okay but since
what do you think of the because i heard of this c. c. a. a. i came to years when i came. o. o. c. in my batch it was in two o nine so told me that there was this camp because
when i received the orientation package, then saw a lot of different c. c. a. got their orientation camps
i just see only student union or c. a. c. f. f. c. c. then i was thinking
just in c. a. c. f. o. c. i really realized that a group of good friends would
then, because they are all join different main committees together
she is the same thing in the same group.
go to drumzout because i heard that because i am in c.a.c.f.o.c.
how to say is like there are a lot of political issues and the i feel that that of the thing i get a lot of restrictions, i get the freed, what to do and then in drumzout instead in drumzouta very different thing
we can learn more, because we can be able to have a lot of freedom
i feel unhappy, there is no feeling i want, there is no kind of family. i do n’t feel that i do n’t think i feel that every time i go to the meeting. every time i go, i go to the kind of free
we usually like every two three weeks have been main committee but the com the meeting is really i feel quiteless before
i still make me feel that there is still no change, but i think i stayed there, the longer, the more, the old makes me more unhappy yah
and my former c. c. a. s were all compared with active.
so i think it is good if it can be jump.
for this c. a. c. f. o.
i have to come back every day to do that to do that then i cannot have a job and cannot have go for deep
climbing rock climbing
i am the kind that likes camping more
fortunately, just because i like this kind of thing and like to bask in the sun outdoor
in j. one but, because there is only three months in the first three months, there is no chance
because in j. c. there are only like the three or four c. c. a. three or four j. c. s that that had rock climbing the k.
my first three months in serangoon j.
it looks like that booldering
i don't know how to know that there is a club with boulengot but bouldering is a different kind of thing compared to that rock climbing
they know that i used to do push up then and then some girls will practice the boy up bar then that the boy will do.
because girls rarely go to pull up bar
therefore, to participate in the then participation, it is also very fat.
more than thirty to eat is very expensive
it is better to have no suki because # sakae # # sakae # at that time, he was going to be his salmon is not free flow.
salmon is not included in the buffet
i usually eat that cooked cooked cooked cooked compared to.
see i know
if you eat a delicious but. if you go to eat buffet,
because singapore's i think the way they make the # kimchi # is different from the way koreans do see chot chance chance chora korea then mst of
i prefer hawker food when i go out, because i think hawker food is the legend of the singaporeans of the like one of the culture here and one of the something we known for compared to those restarant food i mean erest. aurant food
i do n’t know how to make money or i take it with my parents, so so i think we should splurge everything on food then we splurge on ourselelves the get the mom our parents
almost four fifty
at that time, we didn't want to eat it. there was no kind of mood because i felt that eating steamboat to eat buffet to have mood to have moods.
for the but sometimes their fruit juice, it is also fake.
i prefer the kind of non-non-carbonated is the one who is not angry because i think i think you eat that kind of food and you drink a lot of anger, but you have a lot
for i think because i am pains, this is the case
our like family focuses more on health so. we rarely eat that kind of greasy fried.
own right, we rarely go out to eat because the maid so was eaten at home at home when there were almost three meals for every three meals.
i have developed that habit to eat more healthily eat that kind of thin our how to say our flashs not very.
eat that kind of food outside every day and eat a little, and then we will like spam a lot of water otherwise cannit get use to the the taste very.
no one, i love to eat but, i will make sure, my portion, i will make sure, so
i will bring fruits to so every week to eat two fruits every day.
at home, i went home because i worshiped the five. i have a swimming pool, the swimming pool, i like to swim in n. t. u.
because they do not think they
he will not understand that he will be washed twice a day. he has been changing the water and then it is relatively clean.
just don't clean the end of the day, you will feel very uncomfortable when you wash the person you use
which slide is jurong-ele, which is also available
i don’t know but i know i have been to the.
that down east is more fun
it's the pass that you take green line all the way, and then take a ride in the chalet.
the one of more than a dozen jurong-east is because swimming complex so only like a dollar plus the normal rate then
for the then, you just sit on it and you just drift like this slowly, just look at it
jurong-east swimming complex i think you can you can search online for all the info cause
no payment yah payment is one thing then, and you see the model, you, you, you don’t understand she wearing what size although
and i think you should go to try out of your own way to buy clothes.
i am more sensitive to money. i think i want to be more proctical cannot be like you spend and spend then then you never consider so i think
our age should not have been brushed with happiness but not because we are parents pay then
you wait until parents pay parents wants pay a lot of that kind of thing
will there be right?
right, so i find a part-time job just try not to take my allownce or call them cut download my allowance
because i think four months of holiday, then if i don't find a job at home all day
it's really a waste of time because time can't be time, can't be spent soon, when i play, i said that the time will pass faster, but you have nothing to do.
it just looks like that so that i feel that my siblings is also got the same same kind of mindsets
i didn't think there was that kind of thing like that of that of the need to spend a lot just to maintain myself
as long as like is happy, no matter how much money, you don't need to have a lot of money to play this kind of thing.
without my parents, i will not say that she will like to like nag at us or something the give us a lot of freedom. i think my parents
i just do n’t know if we um, the three brothers and sisters will have this thinking
if they want to go out and play, i will like it. i will think if you want to spend it or not, so i will feel that i sub-consiously became more minded which is also not a ving thing i mean i mean
fack is a kind of but, if it is too much, it will become a bad thing.
the living expenses of singapore is really high
to database
i have to do this research
i want to read maths now, i am reading chem now, so i think i want minor in maths but
i don’t know what i will come out in the future for so
i did not feel like like i cannot stay just doing research for the rest of my life
it ’s very boring to live eight that eight that in the morning in the lab at 8 o'clock in the morning to eight o'clock in the evening.
maybe for a few years there, what kind of then go to then can change a job so i don't want to be like
there is wakeboarding's fake
to surf houses something like that that
that you stand on the thin the you hold the purpose then they will bring you design that kind yah.
i run the bus b route bus b around the halls around the halls then pass by the will pass by lee wee nam then come back
if it is for training, because we are not under's real intel, we are from outsource
if it is a real under intel, they will give trailing you
sometimes it may be sent to foreign or local singapore like this
our should be outsource.
most of them are provides.
most of us will not take because he bond you for a few years like this
he far, they didn’t give me me, i just may they go to training. i borrowed him with him.
so learn from the book
many things are more convenient to use command based
if you want to use it convenient, you need to know a lot of command
otherwise, you have a headache because it is black and white. sometimes you have to find something to use command to get back the data back.
here you need to know how to get those data you want
most of the things i change are to write simple scripting to automate those things
then repeat it, i seem to have more than 2,000 server. there is no reason to go to check every one.
maybe write some scripting things the same thing and get a refort in all 2,000.
i just want to refort. i don’t want that manually to do it.
just use scripting to do it
give an example that it seems that they want to check every server every day, do they download because our server wants twenty four hour up-time
they may write some software in the system in the system
then use a server to test that server
if then, then they have a team who should have a team in india's twenty four hours support standby to check to see what he does.
if they use command to reboot other reboot, the server does not need on-size.
if you can't do it, it may be hardware bad. you know that he reboot is going to stuck in half. we will go to onsite to help them
they may be to write those script to automate those reboot to automate to test to see if the service is downloaded.
that is to say these things to help them impro when improoove their time
now most of them use server and he has three types of type
the first is infra server.
the second is their name compute server compute server. they are divided into two categories.
one is the ginseng's internetive plus batch and the other is the internetive server
then the one is the internet
just talk about in the morning, so there are more user, so they are a job that goes to the internet
from 6 pm to the morning, it may be to take batch job
then batch’s server is all about batch job
they may be used to test those processor's circuit
always keep that testing testing and their submit that batch job batch that master, then
let them go out to see if there are many free server who have a free.
you talk about those outsource out
in fact, our company also seems to be an outsource in intel outsource
how to say how i explained to you is that he has many designer design in intel.
their named p. d. c. group, many, many small groups to study different components
then these people have to buy server.
so they are engage intel a group that i said that i am now called engineer computing group
it should be the largest group in intel to help others take care of the server
we are helping those customer to tell what server spent to buy. we helped him buy it
the data center in others is that their data center also has a group own data center
we are grown to rent that place to put that server down
then up his service up his o. s. help them tryshoot maintain and then release
that is to say, they are just using that service.
if you have any questions, give us a repair on the submit ticket
our server is placed in intel a lot of building.
they are a data center.
we already have more than 2,000. it should be so far.
we have other sites outside the support.
it's just that their remote comes in
because some of them are like china and they do n’t have open, they do n’t dare to put some of their data in china.
may be placed here in malaysia move here
they are afraid of data leaked
many places seem to come in one by one to come in.
uh, it should be that the united states should still be a big one.
now the server is too strong, and some are very expensive.
you can buy a few bungalow here
that spec. it is very high end. it is said that he may have more than 250 gig memory in a server
uh, some are relatively low-end. i said that they should buy the four gig server two gig server ten years ago.
until now they upgrade to hundreds of gig
they also sometimes feel that they may not use them that they may use the stress test that server
they have done research
they will buy it as if they have not bought a large number of coming in, they will take one or two from that vendor in the vendor in testing
because they buy it with dollars, they need a lot cheaper with discount. they buy a large number of a large number
it should be that if i have nothing wrong, it should be sent by singapore. it should be local. it should not be done. this should be done outside.
if you pretend here, uh because if your hardware is okay, it should be no problem. it is important that hardware is hardware
hardware is too expensive, if a part is broken, you want thousands of dollars to repair that part
so we are strange to take intel. i don’t know how to do this for four years. they have three years of warranty extens for three years.
then they did n’t have the scrap if they did n’t have warranty in four years.
he may have a team, they are called scrip, they sell this thing, he sells it for me and heard that they sell them to singapore
there is a group that collects these bad server.
because we use more advanced, and after a long time, maybe they have no warranty, so they don’t want to support.
i may develop in unix, but maybe he has not developed in that server
maybe turn because server is very strange.
for example, it seems that when we are on the holidays, we have to work without work.
they may come back as remote to help him set up. those remote management
he can work from home to reboot him to reboot
i don’t have to on-site because there are many technologies that can replace that kind of thing now.
the problem we encountered before is that we have a headache every day. we have more than 2,000 frames every day and more than 100 server down
because at that time there was no implement called remote reboot
go to reboot with his hands.
he may have out of memory, even swap memory and their virtual memory
they use this thing to say that they can be with the network commit community on the bios level
as long as he uses a server, he installs a server in that computer in that computer.
use bios that level to reboot
when i did it before, i did it for more than two years and a year.
then do we do the analyze data every day to do that.
then they are the strange service of the import of import.
when the memory reaches a certain level as if the entire total memory remains, the remaining twenty percents will see that job.
prevent that server double
since they did this, i have only been one day a day and one week.
this demon is also us. let's find the analyze data every time why the log file will download
then they generally looked at the report and knew that the job was easier to cause.
there should be a team who helps them write those services
to prevent it, it will be down because of definitely one
it seems that they may use two gig. memory
one second two gig. memory will be dozens of gig soon.
just haang, he knew it and looked at the train. capture will directly kill it.
then e-mail came out and told that user about your job kill
give him it to him, otherwise he did my job, do you do submit?
they have a thing to come to analyse report and then those notification are important
some users will complain about how they are down to drop. it is also important
i am busy, i think it should be like me on site. i ’m more busy
if you write software, they give you a duration time for you for this time, give me you to do it, you
after doing it, you can give me that time. i want to support on site support on site every day
twenty -four hours are more troublesome
they are now using cloud computing to be their clustering they are called
it seems that the server double dropped his cluster. in the past, it might be this back to his server without down.
then those services coming in from foreign countries, the service down, maybe they will be impact. what is it?
so they cannot download so to do clustering
most of them do clustering in s. q. l. server
and web services is also very important
it seems that you will go to forum or web one by one.
his service down, you must fall in the web site.
how to talk about intel's web application
they have a thing and they may be called share point. may
their things upload to go to a center is his server
that thing is that it can know that all people know the most up to date.
if you change your family, you know that you change that file, you want upload up to others, you know
they may use those microsoft things
because microsoft does well in office
uh, better than others, they should do it with that share point
uh, i am a care, so he has no windows.
then release candidate two is the same interface as windows seven
if release candidate 1 may be like windows vista two thousand eight
the latest is also using windows server two thousand eight release two. the second is the interface like windows seven
in fact, the c server's for windows is more beautiful. g. u. i.
there are modes to see
it's as if comparing our unix linux server to have two thousand
maybe windows may only have two or three hundred, so few because of the relationship of the license
he wants remote to run in run and their job can also go in and go to the result
the same is just windows based
maybe those application need windows to go, so he could not only choose windows
if you do n’t use windows, they will use unix cheaper and convenient
because they are going to write that software most of the user should use them to give them to training
there is a header in their user specifically for user complaining that head told them that their head wrote some program to help them automate him
then those heads named d. a. i don’t know what the long name is
then they will be called t. c. e.
they told those d. # keng # what to buy, and then told us and then landing him
don't talk about all people, it's just their head and they solve their problems to solve their problems
they write automation for them to help them, so they can be used as long
those drivers are more questions
because they can reboot and have a way to go to reboot
because every time they come, they are very new. may d. driver is not enough.
it seems that there is a problem recently that the server of h. p..
now they want troubleshoot
there are also comparison and almost the same.
maybe he o. s. then the driver is different. in the unix, he uses d. g. file's driver. maybe windows may be e. x. e.
that is to say, ordinary is like saying that to get that get that vaccine to
it seems that to prevent is useless, but you will say that it is like strengthening the resistance of those germs.
what hospital sorrry
where the real situation goes?
there is no preventive that sells those mask home and go home to prevent in case.
many people who are colleag after i have responded that because you wear mask, it is very inconvenient and very hot and not used to it.
however, some schools should be some of my children's children who go to the school to go to present
it ’s all very much, do n’t say anything, we pay special attention every time, we are cleanliness.
are you talking about personal or business
when you go to other countries, you have to be to travele when you are leisurely.
so when you meet you, you are still very bad by quarantine.
then business is business. now because our office also has these problems, that is, when we have control, i encountered those economic problems before that, that is, it is to say
but it seems that those who come back to the travele are those who come back to the travele that they mean every day to go to our guard house for a week to measure the body temperature
then i would also ask them to wear mask only in case.
we used to say that each employee entered factory to measure body temperature
that is to say, continuously sees a one or two weeks.
then there is a very serious case, what is he check back the body temperature?
then there is that there is a clinic side to give mask as if you say that you caught a cold. if you are still uncomfortable, go to our clinic in house’s clinic
because you don't talk about your own suspect.
then you really ask you to go to those generalspital government hospitals to do a smaller inspection
because those quarantine things are also needed
the government side is the approve, that is, prove said that you are the real fungus, those who can give you quarantine, you will ask you to quarantine.
then go and then go to the office of office
because i used to take care, it seemed to say another cover another job. then i was on marketing. so i
every six months, i will go to japan to meet with worldwide worldwide sales company
then now i have to go to another planning. i have been to
that is to say, i have been to those chinese factories who work in our work to meet, and now there is no travele.
then i have encountered weekend because there are only two or three times that there are go through weekend.
the disneysea, which has two types of disneya, is a saying that it is like more on the underwater world.
is there any aquarium?
some of it seem to say something like game go underwater
then it seems to show you the things like mermaid
it means like his equipment, which means that if you enter a car or what is it like this and then what is it?
diving such a thing and then enter it and then dive into the water som sort like
there are mermaid, what other, what other, what is the operator like opera like opera
it seems that the arrangement means that it seems like disney disney
half an hour and a half, such a half -hour opera, which means that every hour, there will always be repeat repeat
doing archi in the fourth year ~ ah read architecture in h. p. p.
five -year three plus two is second degree
it is part one part one.
then part two is bachelor of architecture in more major in architecture. this three plus two
it is four plus one in singapore
then four years is part one and then second year.
ah, i haven't signed it yet to be a base minimum four -year work okay to take a test
only to get a. r.
it ’s just that its requirement is that you want you to comerte a project in the past four years.
from its construction you
the whole the who process is fine.
after taking experience
you can do everything okay draftman draftman.
he specializes three d. link
of course, basically if he must want that he wants him, he wants him, minimum requirement is
do you follow from the beginning to the end?
what do you call our report or the name of that portfolio
that means portfolio and then create's portfolio, then submit then after he accepted it after he accepted it
is it easy for him to go to that test and test?
he wants you to ask all about all about us because we are divided into many housing with commercial area
there is indertour, and every construction you are, you will have to know
i am not counting bachelor degree. we are not the first degree degree.
after five years after finishing the business, you have to apply for a master major in something and then take p. h. d.
it's not architect to go out now.
it is the fastest record for four years to work for four years.
without me, i don’t know if i can break it. i try to break as much as possible
it's complete a project, you can learn what you want to suck as much as possible, just take the test as much as possible to deal with that exam.
as soon as you come out and graduate, it’s not that time, then you will rich
i just use that term is rich to describe the architect
different, maybe you can run different companies in four years. okay i am in this company
if you can complete, that okay is, for example, it can be done for eight months to make a factory factory basically.
but if you absorb almost seven or eight, you can get it if you do
but you have encountered the portfolio of factory that you already have the factory factory. you can apply for the test
ah, it ’s not that major is said that major is specialist
if you go out, you can do what you want to do with common common architect
you can do high rise, you accept people to do bungalow.
the appearance of that name is facade consultant.
then main core's inside strus is pass to engineer. we design a single one outside
building the kind of building, which specializes in all projjects each time, is 20 to twenty -five storey or factor
many of you now developer developer seem to be ivory ivory
who else i. j. m. they have in house’s architects, and the big boss of work underer
inside you, you just want what he wants.
the need to be able to adapt to fulfill to that market is the place where this is our difference.
no need, but p. h. d. if you want to be a builting okay one by one, you can design up to you but you must not use sign
you have to find a register as a.
because he thinks something needs study #ko #
study because the workmanship is different from study
your thesis, you have a one, you can’t do outside, you are studying that kind of thing with the kind of geen technology
then you go out and the outside is real life. if you want the house, you want to build the house you want
you can’t build that kind of futuristic for the time being, if you want to go out now, you will build those who can see it now
study, you can build for, what can you say?
you can foresee future because you see fu ~ future twenty thirty years, you are like you, you can do what you can not do in real life
not that i am not saying that this is sensitive issue.
they skin color and color, and they are more likely to get project from government
then we are going to find those private investor from those private investor from
ah, i mentioned just now that sustainable is towards green
for reduce carbon's footprints
there is net zero carbon with # abu-dhabi # # dubai # that is also available
it is closed to turn it up for each roof
that city s ~ around is not wrong, it is hundred acres
it is a large area and then it is locked up.
ah, generate rain okay, and they have calculating how do they get that.
what is the kind of formula formula and that equation
that root, remember that the name is called one name
calling carbon, it is not fibre carbon. it is fibre carbon.
do you know fibre carbon fibre carbon is a fibre carbon like ferrari cars.
but i don’t know what its name is in this fibre carbon in advance. i forgot it. it can be transparent.
then it can be absorb heat okay absorb heat and release heat.
you can have its certain part with its certain part with it, and how does it have a design of its layout.
there is a local college that accepts that, sunshine for that electricity in holland, and malaysia can’t do it
call desert desert, called the beach, beach desert, in the american desert
everyone looks like this because it can get hundred percent of sun
it will be changed once from two to 30 years.
then now they have three kinds of solar panel, but i have forgotten its name, so i don’t want to make
uh, there are three types, uh, there are different types, and then there are different long life.
then solar panel is a good in- but but
we are very high here
i don’t understand because i am more in, my major in wind solar, i don’t have it like this
not very suitable, but i think it has it to be list as not potential in malaysia, but i think the more potential can do
after you wear your shoes, the more you can't do what you can do, the more you can do my vision like this
i have just explained the energy electricity energy of 75 percent is come from the kind of combustion
burning that kind of fossil burning the type of charcoal's okay and then twenty percent from water
then the water of solar needs one
because it is now turbine's water turbine, it is very good -not -not -efficient
that can be improved that one is a portal to be be be.
but you in order to get the entrance, you need to pass that processe
that wast
and if malaysia can't do that thing in case, we are all our entire malaysia population is over
that technology, we can't find us can't do it, so it's best not to move, and we don't have that source that natural sources. what is it called?
do you understand okay urnium
if i do n’t have that source, we do n’t have to go to import. if you go to the import, you can waste how many carbon
the same reason, then that carbon footprints
i will continue to read it if the economy is poor if the economy is poor
in four years, i complete.
this is my vision but i don't think i can do it, but at least there is a little goal to continue
how do you get your own okay means t. n. b.
don't use t. n. b.
but in order to reduce to our bill, we talk about reduce our bill is easy to reduce our bill
it is easy to do it from 80 yuan to fifty yuan.
find that kind of energy efficient's ice cabinet okay it can reduce with many washing machines
still eating the she say she say
where do you eat so we say n. u. s. guild house the she was like saying
take them out to eat. tomorrow, you do n’t have to work in the way my mum asked to look at the bill then after that she said what did she said, do your mother make so much money a day? ay she isstill angry so my father called me and said
kaiyi you tell your mother said
what is this invite so anyway she was damn she strong was damn angery
but you didn’t just quarrel with them that day, just yishuan
who said that after quarreling, cannot be friends one okay what
vulnerability here and there of course it apply it also depends on how your parents and how your surrowing
my s. s. you and then you never repy
our group meetings but no one cares about him
look at him first, maybe my email she will find something is
to be aimed at bla bla bla bla bla
one, two, three, five, seven eighth i realise i get it at all
there is a certain no you knowing time i was thinking right
what plans do you have to be? lream and another guy was was taking was in-charged of this thingthe my dad right told the the upper
we have a senior called weina
his most slack, i hope it is him if he is another kah -ng or something like that the girl
it's miserable the kai ling say anyway, what am i entered?
this is the eldest sister of your dance group and then i look at her and then she was damn pretty then i was like
you intend to take what i just get my a. a. levels result and then i know that i am planning to do next i get do help me do?
uh the next holiday holiday talking about holiday
you have been to which countries
i have been to several countries but my favourite
it's all you you must be feaying for the snow right you see look snowing here
this is good to buy this then she say
now there are social
there are other block stickers in the blessing.
the word tiger the tiger
i have done there many times
those people have been reject me over there
so i am doing that ticket design all the whole week
i want but then no money
i don’t pick food to sleep on play game go online shopping to talk nonsense
i go to orchard
we go to countdown with over there
yah that year
is anyway with abao joanne trence
last year yah
uh, it is better to read.
don't be defeated by hall thirteen and defeated me two c. c. a. so shame
because he is poly batch's then
he is on air force then
you can enter air force.
he is very lucky go inside air force then go inside and slack
my dad is not knowing what to do, and my mother is doing class
the second year of the family is the home of the uncle aunty relative
now my hall six hall six very old
fix a little, because every time there are many people showering together, then that toilet will be
i agree with the becaue like this get this kind of run in the m. r. t.
come back here to do i know what to do in the future
uh, make that kind of better position, gen get so easy sacked
uh, there are few but few times in the position
there are very few envoys for people because they stand up the same
i want to let the sitting position, i don’t need to stand
my allowance is not enough, i only have now
i have thought about working for a long time and i have to work for but then until now also work.
this holiday
since stay in n. t. u. i have been sleeping at four o'clock
very wasting money you know
one -hour tutorial
there is busy day and with slack day
want me to talk about fifty minutes non-stop you know
i have no saliva.
just semi early bird
slim that wire to insert that wire itself
do your own kind of fake rose, you can give it to people if you won't die
uh exam the i will for the last sem i
very very distracting so
that kind of gather together and study
read yourself uh yourself what
just use his then, he tells me his name
the name of her boyfriend then i just
in n. t. u. friends, her tutorial group, also our o. g.
help her celebrate her surprise her
just we get bluff her go out
just the rest of us
and that cream is also ready to be prepared to smash her
stick the jewel
just her friend is ask her
this is how we deliberately plan.
everybody twenty people run around the street soccer court while she running behind they so small
so she chased everyone the whole group of people also run around
blowing the candle the got give her the present then
delive her then straight away
her underwear and panties got
wear bathe already, you can wear then's boyfriend to take her home
mine, i blank off already anyway
my artistic talent, oh my god i know i so good in art caut cause you know i first time
uh, ownself mix the color
hat gives him a hat not normal one also custom made one
there is pattern then the
because it is paste m. u. m. mum
i am in that n. u.
if there is a very beautiful cute, i buy an in case me
that aunty bought carved out
it's very cute to have that person and half of the head on one
you can like can read from you
looking on the front, you can see that means, you can see that means
it's very talentd
can be read in two ways
uh, you look at the name the name, you can look back at another name.
very special
his skill
i didn't think about it n. u. s.
uh, i am more easy to enter the becape
good one never go clubbing before one why
just must must
compare the clothes of formal's clothes and waste money
i have no money, then
buy this kind of clothing.
cosmetics also do not have you know or not very noob my god anyway
uh a shoe and then
there are a few dress
uh i still have what i still have bronzer i still have blusher's powder then still have what
come to uni
and eat supper is very unhealthy.
sleeping directly will be fat.
just not running.
uh, i just eat supper then, it is easy to change the fat and waste money.
different that is before
there is a general with him
there is no muscle
so i think my brother has no girlfriend
any route at least i got run what
protect under your shell ~ under your shell and then
more free then will spend more money
there will be a lot of ghosts.
i'm talking nonsense like that
live in hall right
uh, i want to clean up my own table.
okay
my room has a squatter
my squatter's name is guo si anyway
then who is his angel so so
so i wrote because i want to write to two people.
also cheerleading
so
because there is a got one guy on youtube video and then he
the first time i watched a boy walking around wearing boxers
bad body on my god
sexy underwear is out becape our level then
uh, i don’t understand who wears underwear and get out. i don’t understand
uh then
the woman yah i think is i think so then, and i see no no no no no is is
uh jasmine's hall
her neighbour
color to level
very great because those women have no like
i am not so filial to my parents
there are also many teenagers who will get up to share me
some of the shares are crying there when i cry over there and feel that i am really
after i go back, i feel that i will be better to parents and then treat my family better
then there is a propram like a child like a place like a national geographic
they are shooting that way to kill those animals
it's really cruel
when i drive, i will become vegetarian
i'm because i can't bear to feel too cruel, how can he kill that chicken
it ’s very fragrant when you eat k. c.
i didn't know before and now they actually have feelings they know
the ewa kept crying, then kneeling down, but
then the most cruel and the most cruel are the brain of monkey's monkey
i won't eat it. since then, i will not eat it. i will become vegettarian
then the uh speaker he also said that those animals also have family
i think he also makes sense that those animals also have family
for example, because some people at that time those teenagers were very good
some will have such mindset
take an example, let him talk
i don't want to be eaten by tiger for us
so since then i have become vegetarian
the biggest different is on the personality
i used to be stubborn before
then, after after, i went to the buddhist temple and then became vegetarian.
i will feel that my temper can be control better
those beginning's learners does not
in fact, it is eating some people. some people are casual like eating, just eat vegetables and then do n’t have to have no meat.
seeing this is a very personal individuals
it seems to be like god promise, saying that i must be vegetarian in my life, so they eat and talk about fasting.
there is that promise in
it seems that we have atend these couurse, we slowly soul
this is in xiu, there are studies, there are learning, there is learn and then in the apply
mine should not have him because he is because he is officeer
for full-time
what is things in things?
two years of so it was a very memorable time
because first in the first place
i i have spine injury
that mattress is very important to me
if that mattress is not suitable for me, i will
so
because i also live closer, i really need a position to stay in on campus
it takes about an hour to live in pasir ris to get home for more than an hour
coupled with my grandma is pretty old
then i thought about the interesting that there was a lot of new friends and quite.
just in case i wanted to apply for second year, i will be join activities
then in the end i apply then cause
mainly should be
i think take up too much time
so take it up
you can take in years because my year three schedule is more relax.
right about two cores per semester
actually, i have been to country.
what do they say like is not very finicly wise to travel very far also
at that time, we were still small, you took us to those in europe.
couple
so there is no place to go to a farther place
actually, i think they will still pick up somewhere in asia
our age difference is two years each
he just a few days ago o. r. d.
he was civil defense medic, then
i think it's not bad, maybe it's better than you, you shawn.
there may be something that sometimes you tell your brothers and sisters may be more of a
he and his brother are
the year of cannot click
because their characters differente
so
i think mine with my siblings is still quite okay
in army, i actually did clerk and store man
that equipment is very expensive
a job i preferred my
if you do something wrong, he will like to pick you up. so not really the ideal way i will want to work but in army we really have a say yeah
from which school to talk about primary school or
don't go to hwa chong actually ieven try to apply for hwa chong yeah
it seems that n. j.
it seems that they will be encourage you to standy harder
i'm in n. j.
my secondary school c. c. a. which is band
it seems like after practices
i think it will be difficult to replicate
i think not a bad thing
it seems that we usually want to find ~ we want to find a little more information, we may go to google, otherwise it is something like wiki but then.
go to go and find online so like i think after we* i have gone into a the my actual job that one that the time is like then
from there, i can make a another decision
a little regrettable seeing in the first place
so i wanto aerospace engineering, so i wanted to go in physics
very applicable to our society
will regret a little bit i
my roommate darius is a very good
you will definitely notice him first
yes, like then, you think, are we the same?
very friendly i will not say that i am unfriendly but then i take longer to warm up to people.
if you are a stran ~ i will know you for the first day, i should not go to like to meet you on your shoulders
but my roommate is the kind of person
their charter is very similar
maybe i think but then
their character is relatively simple
they happened to take the same course again
it is aerospace engineering
their both very good friends i should say then seems to be tsk they will lend a listening ear when you need one then
liguang is a more of a maristener.
in fact, i used to play basketball as if i was in my middle school.
can't fight because for that day will feel that is not feel right to play
i have cut down
there are quite a lot because is a major distral is sometimes like
almost like this is like watch some t. v. like but in hall we really have cable t. v.
maybe some people will say that we are jump on the bandwagon because this is their
now we are of the financial the fin ~ the financial side of things is haveing a impact
the player of the two important
will be weaken
then but we still
my brother and i are all support man. u.
this is how my family's family is different, but my sister is different
she likes stand on the opposite size.
she thinks she is outnumbered
my dad likes to talk to us about the stories about manchester united
sometimes you can see that they have a never say die attitude
i think in the first place how are we to value how they should be paid
their working life is actually much shorter than me than me
the salary is then again is a very flowing thing
if you are a good player, you are not necessarily a good coach
their exten to be paid as much as they can
very similar to their salary a few gifts, a few weeks of salary, you can buy a ferfari
maybe your abilities are not many
if you wo n’t starve to death, there will be a standard of living yeah so i think is a good thing as compared to.
that diploma you somewhere
they don't feel their actions will
they do not feel that your reaction will have a very large significance so for them
i think is a very
you spend those ammunition all the nuclear
i think i am a buddhist but
it's not a very staundchist bidhist
sometimes the divide is too great
you should not be impose like this
if these religious differences are going to make
very it makes things very complicated
movie of movie movie
actually off-hand i really remember any but
it is still broadcasting, in fact, i think just broadcast it shortly after you can see it
is a well -increasing movie
just this fantastic
in fact, his brain comes here. you go through this door frame, some, you will enter's but is the but as if you will be transported to a realm where it depikes you r
it's the way and their film the movie and everything
just interesting yeah is and
other mainstream movie will be very different
actually i am not so much that i be i be scare haunted by the scaral part who i do much that i be?
i like to go to movies to see
funny actions film
actually, most of i like to watch funny movies cause i think yeah like i said is is to have a good time then
usually funny movie is what major people
it may be much like transformers. many visual effects, you will compare you, you will be very intrigued then
there will be a little sense of
so prefer to watch action
what will i do if it is unlimited, then
because if you have unlimited money
you can go to a lot of poor economies but then
if i have one million, it should be spend on my set because
people are still selfish if you help yourself
i think you do n’t have capital if you do
large mistakes i think should be one of the thing is. my mother speaks to my mother. sometimes
i think i change in the sense that i am right
i do
my look back, i think she still
i think but i think everyone would prefer to exists in a very simple world but the world is not like that so i think
people have different priorities
although we think this is the right way of doing things but to them it may not be the right way
i think the government has done what it can like setting
in a estate
so is and that one is not the probably not the key but raather how their youth how many behave in public, so people will look at it if they look at it
very dislike the create cer ~ certain type of stereotype about malays in general yeah but is bad and some.
some educated malays feels that they don't like their own race
do not take some actions attribute to their race but rather. this is their personal problem
very excellent quality
i don't understand why i know how they get it like
may
there is no way what
i think back to the pint right about has some jobs new waves.
my english name is wong beng hui
technical support of workmanship
uh, it is basically a small company and then outsource in intel to do it
uh my company is mostly a person who focuses on outsource goes to the company
that intel osram plexus, those people workman
listen to the phone, or is it a chat support or a web support is email
just after listening to call for about half a year, i transferred to the chat, and i used chat to come to communicate with user
so real time like a trouble shooting
then now it turns into a web is the user submit email.
then he try, can he return me again
then i will solve the decision to see if the solution that wants to give him the next step
it is just a person who is the internet is intel internet
that is, my support is office support, which means that application, which they use in office
then some other application
before, there were support v. p. n. they could connect back to intel network v. p. n.
there are other application that they need to use at work
but they have a very distinguished detail.
but most of us are support. most of the things that should be support is the application of outlook's application
still those anti virus and those things like them security update
most of them are divided into three or three, most of them are outlook
then the other is security and software
that is to say, anti virus and software installation
then the third is printer and hardware
they need to use application to connect to the past
it can still be used, sometimes they are not that the only software is broken, but it is reinstall
then hardware's words are
basically, it is to teach them how restart or what can be used to go to those who are not like a computer.
if you can't, you want route, the ticket to go to the department's repair computer department
each of them will have one like repairing a computer
only then can we route the past p. c. service
look at either if the number of desktop will send someone to get it in the past
if most of laptop is the user itself
most of them are outlook
because basically outlook is used, everyone uses each person every employee will use in intel
see those questions, some of them are their calendar
because many admin helped him that manager, it seemed like manage their calendar
sometimes they up manager delegate that calendar gave him some questions.
they will call we send, can we help him see this issue like this
all of all are software
because we are both and web, we do not have direct and user face to face internet.
if you really can't go back and forth like this, we decide whether to see if it wants to give that p. c. service
the one who officially has the contact with user is p. c. service's repair computer department
uh, when you come in, he will give you a call from menu.
or some manufacturing things, he will follow the different support, and he will take you route's past call
that center is what we get that three or three types
others will go to the other support team because we have a lot of support team
then if s. p. they will pass
if you are officially speaking, if you have an outlook problem, you will be comed
first, i will take your i. d. number first
then slowly ask you narrow download.
see you load without load to get those application
then we will remote your computer in the past
formally see that error or remote control, your computer to do some trouble shooting
if you are phone and chat, they will be remote.
if his computer is connect in network
in this way, most of the web is because web belongs to comparison
his user has something to do slowly to do it slowly
it is we see a solution to him first, if you can't reply to him, say that this cannot be reply.
we have only come to see the other one is still deeper
if you really can't, we will see uh, can it contart that user
if you can contribute
use that communicator to connect to his computer
then we remote control came to troubleshoot
if you really can't conta
we will tell him to call in, just call us subpport, because sometimes we can have different time because of different time
some of them are in u. s. time workmanship
just when we sleep, they wake up, but there is no way to formally work with troubleshoot with time
they will help him if they are another counta in costa rica
yes, it is the worker of all intel
that is to say u. s. india japan asia ireland u. k. sweden all available
our company officially divided into four regions a. m. r.
then g. r.
then there is a c. c. r. control country is russia and china
but they called in our call center just two main bases.
just in penang's intel p. g. twelve
all of them are the four major regions all over the world. when did they come in?
that is to say, if he comes in in penang's operate, he will come in penang
then if he was in the costa rica operate, he would hit it over there and he would automatically he would automatically
most of them have set handling time
it is about fifteen minutes.
but sometimes there are some issues that cannot be solved in fifteen minutes
can repeat
the most important thing is that he has connect to intel network
but sometimes you can't connect
sometimes his computer really has a problem to be able to connect.
there is no way to ask him to go to that p. c. service is a computer repair
sometimes it is very slow because sometimes the network they use at home is very slow.
if you really can't control, just watch the screen
call user control slowly, just ask you to press this
open, you see this, then press this, then slowly teach him if you can't control
look at handphone
it is basically the same thing as phone
it is one who does not need to speak, one is typing
basically, the same time real time came to communicate and then troubleshooting
then grab the urgent issue as sometimes their computers cannot drive or
they really need this software work. they are going to work like that outlook
if they can't open the calendar today, they don't know how they will do those meeting schedule meeting
that is, they will call in urgent, and they are compared to call
usually our web is less urgent, so that our internet explorer can not open a certain website
that is, we send a script to him means that you follow this press and press the reset i. e. we can see if we see it.
they use a soundware that one person can drive up to four to window
is the four user in the same way at the same chat
but most of the time, there are two to three because the four are really too difficult to come to the communicate four people
then most of the time, the difference between two to three chat and phone is that phone is one -on -one
yes, it's like you m. s. n. or communicator, you can talk to your friends.
that's the same thing that is the same, but we just want to use that remote to open two.
separate two user is that i do here and do two together to do together
just pick up those issues every day for a long time, that is, sometimes you will know that the solution of direct is faster.
then when we encounter some strange unable to solve, we also want to engaged our second level to see if they can help
if he can do, he will learn what we can see if you are not learning.
we have to go on shift officially. if you go shift
but there are normal shifts from 9 am to 6 in the morning
worshiping and worshiping five like my current shift is to worship at 12 noon to nine o'clock in the noon class.
nine o'clock in the morning is twelve hours. the operate time in penang is from 9 to 9 of penang time.
then c. r.'s costa rica's operate time is penang from 9 pm to 9am
uh, if you formally do the shift of twelve hours, it is
there are more rest day. i started this week and i did it for four days this week. then i rest for three days.
there are front end and back end for them.
if it is our team,
it should be that almost fifty or sixty people have one team. we have network and office support
there are other smaller companies in osram plexus
for the time being, because they are nearby, they are in cut cost
even we can ask them because of our company to pay them from intel
then they have cost, we have no one here, it is less and less, and then work more and more.
but most of our company's ordinary panel clinic and then ordinary insurrance
then basically do the support
then in the future, there may be changing the company to the larger permanent employee
it's better than outsource employee. this is the first plan to get first
these two companies are the largest support center with the largest support center in penang
the english name is ng-kang-lin n. g. k. n. n. g. and l. i. n.
uh, everyone will call me n.k. lin
the abbreviation of the name n.k. and lin n.k. lin
or some people will call me n.k.
i don't understand why maybe they like alphabets like this
i am in school of housing building and planning is h. b. p.
the technology of buildings includes structure and their builting
there are also these ventilation system everything about the building and there is the building of the building.
it is available for the same as whole weeks. it will rain
turn into a big flow
everyone will like durians when you go there. many singaporean will buy durian back when you come to us
but those supplier we are talking about
the price who gives them expensive, because they know that they are singaporean, they will take the price to raise the price as a knife.
then i have two younger sisters, both of which are still in secondary school
one form four, a form two i think form two
then my father was a contractor why, and i am at school of housing building and planning maybe
since childhood, it is because he is influent
it becomes my thing to this uh building, which will compare the interneting to the internet
of course, my wish is to say that others may think it will be is funny thing
of course i just hope that i can all my hand is a room
it ’s just that i have no depends on other contractor or other subcontractor
it is maybe after i achieve that ambition. i also have bigger.
and my family family is a quite big family
my grandmother has a total of twelve children total twelve children, so there are so many so there are a lot
when it is new year, many people come back.
isn't it designed?
their design group is all drawing like architecture. they will draw
our non design is the include quality surveying that is q. s.
the second is the construction management.
said my major building technology. let's talk about something about my building technology
when we first first semester in it, we will learn first semester
some can draw those portraits, some paintings are builting
this is the ability to increase your own drawing.
they are in p. a. # pertubuhan # # arkitek # malaysia.
they will go to some uh more to design.
it seems ok let say let say.
if you want those things, there will be a plan out of the end.
it is certify by institute surveyor malaysia is i. s. m.
i really learn a lot of things.
our start ok seems to be like excavation's soil like you go to a site excavation to do foundation.
after that, landscaping is like planting flowers or trees.
uh, if our client will deceive us a sense of them, they will cheat like let say q. s. inside
sometimes it looks like okay we set well. how many quantity is? but if you have a client, it will not be enough for client.
therefore
also, it is said that he will teach us what kind of this picture
this sem first semester in sec ~ second year
we have been divided into six major lead by, uh, our own lecturer architecturer will be architectuerr
my building is relatively lucky because i lead by oh our dean because our dean is engineering
he will teach us some structure east, of course, either he teach or has his lecturer, it seems that he is here to tell us
how do we be sometimes that is one way slab or two way slab is the terms of many professional
that is, one way slab more to rectangular
if it is one way slabs, it is rectangular. it seems that if we build or vibrate
its power is a direction because of rectangular and it will be on the side.
of course, we also do some literanrereview literaturareraturereview on slab
it's as if we are looking for some uh design.
there are many of course there are reinforcement.
we will also calculate to calculate this slab slab our chinese called banping a ping ping ping ping
it seems that if you are wrong, it will cause this bui ~ building collapse or it will cracking
of course
these plumbing is like your water electricity toilet everything depends on how you want to orientation layout
of course it is like toilet, it depends on where it is more suitable
if you use this, it is for friendly use.
after that, there will be a ventilation ventilation in our room. we call building air ventilation.
still fans guides it to make it entire build ventilation
all are building technology all about technology in the build
maybe i finished this when i read this.
when they are in the master, they will be focus on something outside it seems to be roads and highway
in the master is specific to go to a sector as if you are design briding
we are elective
of course, there is core courts that must
this is these s ~ elective, you can say that you can be avo
it seems that if you are me is building maybe, because some of my friends are because he is going to architecture
he can't get in so this semester will take their register and their elective
so there is no way that they will talk about it when they come back.
it is white elective. we want to be register or which one is to read.
well, some of them tell us to take quantity survey measurement. if we go out
usually there are four lecturer coming in and divided into four part four parts
it seems that if we read infrastruction infrastructure, our sem has a course as an infrastructure technology.
the second one of our surrowing electric system is road and highway, the third is the building system of this building
if it seems that first lectuerr, he will give us assignment
it seems like a housing area, you want the design light pillar, we call the light pillar design and those transformers, and these
of course, it is that assignment and the second one after that is the roads and highway, it seems to be parking
that lectuerr will ask us for design our park ~ is parking area parking. it may be easy to see parking.
because there are also calculation, some of the calculation are the developer. they will make money because they want to make money.
it seems that you okay let say, we say that condominium, their parking area parking is to be rented or sold for selling
it becomes that they will be very close to those parking area. so when we are called turnover, it seems that when your vehicle is going in
because if you turnover is too wide, this is our other perspective is that lecturer will tell us that conflict is
it becomes our sem register, almost we are more than do more than a dozen assignment
some of this of our subject course course work is the sixty percent then final of the sixty percent
my house mate two house mate. he is the management of management because they have mid term
actually, percentage is very similar to taking so much because your room is more than a hundred thousand thousand
because at that time i had a short soon and there was no reason to ask such a question. after you bought the house in the future, did you have my name?
after the reality, there has been no chance to mention such a topic
no, he said that he didn’t want to live in such a house. it might be barely like this, but
mine, i remember my supervisor seems to have mentioned to me that the house over there is good
that's free hold
the previous olympia college
no now, there is an olympia college before the olympia college. do you know?
he was removed and he got up. he got up his room. he did not know that there were more than a thousand square meters and more than 2,000 square meters. there were two types of type.
i said before, because i told him because i was not very near the other side.
i have found something else, but in fact, we go to the design of his design.
he has showroom in # gurney # but we have not gone to qingling.
his friends are very beautiful, but we have seen what he put through the road. we have seen that when we finish it, we think it is good, and it is not many units.
we want to find that kind of not many unit and not so miscellaneous
and he already got o. c. because my friend has to move in and live
i didn’t ask him a few thousand square meters of okay. i haven't seen it
it seems to be a layer, don’t understand whether it is the first floor or double.
i don't feel very jam #relau #
didn't you really go to survey?
because we asked her what she wanted to buy, and she said she didn't need so so we would
he is also lost now, he is also very embarrassed and don’t understand what he wants to do.
don't know, don't ask him melbourne
but it ’s me to go to this multiple trip. my most enjoy.
because i feel that the currency is very high
then we said that stupid would not have money at that time, so now i go to different a lot, so i think we are going to calculate very # tat # at that time
no, in fact, we still have time we still have time to go to gold coast.
then i know there is actually going there again and again.
we have to go to the kind of phillip island those mornington ballarat near him near him
then there are the oldest steam trains who go to him. i put it on facebook
that puffing billy experience
five or six days in the city, then the others go to outskirts
do you know the time when sitting there for a coffee after drinkingrnoon
drink coffee and read the newspaper, otherwise you will talk about a group of friends sitting on the street like this so i think it is very relax.
i have no friends who have been to melbourne
i have been looking for information a while ago.
what place for them is must go and then go to see what attractive places are there in this place
go to survey and then lift that road.
some because it is the first backpack because i go to taiwan, there are ginseng trip like trip
then you have to wait for the two people to be tired and get tired and you can sit down like this.
take a train, it seems that you can set a ticket to be for a day and then cheap. it seems that it is more than six yuan for their money.
then if it is a sunday, there should be more than three pieces of sunday super saver.
then you can be un ~ unlimited.
if the two people are, the airport tax is because the air ticket is free
packing airport tax living and eating does not include shopping about 9,000 people.
i think it ’s okay to package shopping. i think it’ s okay.
yes, and in fact, you don’t have a lot of money to go to their money
we actually thought about it because i heard me supervisor talking over there
well, do you seem to be cheap motel like this and then he said
in fact, you go to the 80 yuan of budget budget.
we are not the style of hotel, it seems to be uh
this is the way to go in, then it has car park, and then you walk on the upper two floors on the stairs. i don’t understand. can you imagine it?
just say it will not quarrel, it is not in the real city
it's just that if you come out of it because of it, there will be that train
then take a few stations to the city of that melbourne
very squeezing it than our l. r. t.
i have graduated, and now i have extra course
talk about a system s. a. p.
it will also talk about what he is more to management.
before i read multimedia
he is a design who also has, and then programming also has web design three d. it also has it
i am now in that bayan lepas's p. s. t. c.
then i said that this time he said that intake government's government funded program
that is to say, sponsor takes train, and then we just give us cert like
his course is about three months until mid -october
then i will send us to internship
i think it can be because of his callse
then he said that the next more more to practical is in the internet and then the internship will have a special person.
there is no sent, but most he will see your choice. if you want you to be penang, you will send you penang. if you want k. l. will help you find k. l.
this is not a university that he has something to do with university. i have already grad. i said that i have graduated.
because i found a job before, because i read multimedia itself
it is said that if i come back to penang to find a job, it seems that graphic design web design is designed to design aspect
some are more to programming. some are networking
then we multimedia is talking about multimedia
it seems that we will learn some like animation art graphic design three d.
and the main reason is that the first one is underpaid and the second is that he wants you multitask
that is to say, some it seems that we think this is better, as if we want a web site for you
we think that this design will help your company more helpful, but some customers seem to be tough and insist on designing their own design.
because if we design from web site, then if there is something unsuccessful in the future or fail, they will rely on me, we designer
i used to do because my family couldn't say that i couldn't support. i went to read those privates
then i go to apply for a government, and then the choice of the middle and then said that i try to go
in fact, i mainly take a degree cert
my internet i think it is
because it seems to be a design
i just feel that it is not suitable for me and i am in art's aspects that i can't see the future to me
i. i.
because i learned that system is s. a.
it is difficult to turn it because of frankness, especially if we are especially our chinese, you have to turn it more difficult. it ’s even more difficult to turn. it’ s really unless there is a vacant position or you really lucky.
i won't be because i have a friend.
i don't want to mean developing in programming
i know because he has a lot of module inside
see where you want specialize
i am more interested should be functal
now that i am in touch with those soft skill in the early stage, the official enters are on monday.
i think soft skill seems to be the business english project management and intelligence skill those who have passed before
other course
some can see his conditions. some conditions. some of them say that it can openly given people who you are.
he still has many aspects of s. p. p. consultant and then said
i just said that because we have n’t exposed to us, we just have a concept. i know s. p. what is it?
then we can know that it is analyze, so we can know that we have to go
we said that we are going to do any posity like more to
there is him who gives you an exam and if you pass, you can give you a certificate directly like
then exam
i don’t understand how their procedures are, but they will mean that they will help you register those exam
it is said that there are really contact with those headquarters of those s. p. his headquarters
it is said that if you pass, those information will be transferred there, and then they will send you approve. you will give you a cert
what we have now only takes overall and said that fundamental
if you want to get it in the future, you mean you want to take it another course
you are talking about this functional
except s. p. p.
just read s. a.
then the course is currently soft skill
it is an ordinary lecturr and then said that the official will start next week.
they will ask the company those, such as saying that some of their companies will have those who specifically say that they will go to train you
some are some aspects of backing design
then some have not found a job yet, and some are extend's course
then some running like doing mass comm d. j.
teach nature language processing
nine students are not about myself.
my family my family has five members
my parents have my younger brother and a brother. my childhood
my childhood is spent in k. l.
elementary school is my primary school. i read form two after studying in china
after form three, i changed to malaysia school
i live in #gombak #in k. l.
i remember i lived in flat when i was young
my father worked in armed force
when he bought a terrace, we moved to terrace
there are two layers of terrace
life in k. l.
there may be more entertainment
the activity of normal saturday and sunday is to go to shopping
usually, on saturday and sunday, we will go to shopping in the morning until the evening after lunch and dinner is eaten there
after that, people who are richer in k. l.
at that time, the student's activities was playing computer games
so i often talk to my friends about things about computer games
it is a lot of traffic jam after pollution
maybe its so -called benefits are that many entertainment
the so -called entertainment is just shopping
maybe my grades will be better.
when i go back to class, i read those reference books to continue reading again. otherwise, i will do homework!
but once because my middle school was in k. l. i would have a so -called bad time in middle school, so the teacher who had a class that had one of us called me as
that was the monitor that year. there was no contribution to the class except for the noise except the noise.
what is a responsibility to do monitor is uh his responsibility is to help the class teacher
i have seen a documentary
so in fact, it seems that there are so -called democracy in china
it's just that their political system is more communist, right?
why is it all good in china?
after you ask me to do monitor
isn't it a very prop? i don't think it will be because
i don't think i will automatically is put up my hand volunteer to be a monitor
at present, i am in record
mine, i should say that my domain is in natural language processing.
go to text, sorry sorry
after that, how is speech recognition?
when you reach the master
or maths
how do you apply when we study at our degree.
of course there are things that learn something new to compare with research based
after that, there is grid
and nature language processing
and cryptography
i have a class when i am in the master
actually i will prefer that image processing
but i still did not do it in the field of image pricessing, because involves too man ~ too mathematics
after that, i went to do grid
in grid, i do p. to p.
do you know what p. to p.
you can download a file through different peers
or those m. n.
after that, peer to peer
you can have a server of the centralized
so when it looks like m. s. n.
you will
so if you want downloads some files
my master and p. h. d. it doesn't matter
ah p. h. d.
at that time, i felt like speech recognition was still doing it in malaysia
so involve on speech recognition
my supervisor is interested in this subject, so i ran to do it
i think there is an area's at least, although in malaysia, although
uh, i came from boon lay garden primary school
after someone pushed me, i fell from the third floor to the first floor
for primary school
the other people's stories are original's
i do class treasurer then
it's sad if you can't see the money
at that time, about two hundred plus
i just feel sorry for that class
there is a little demoralize
there is a little alienal that class
my aggregate is only what forty two
i chose j. c.
at that time, jurong j. c. cut-off point was sixteen
at that time, when i went to appel
no way to go to yishun
because i lived-lay at that time
i complain about why i chose y. j. c.
every day weekend comes back to saturnay to study
that shop is open
i don’t understand why it is very demoralize and then continues
always eat it is a viscous cycle
girl and girl type then i just
just when i came to prelim, then mug has been in the school mug over there mug
also always take f. i was scolded by the teacher every time
it is always struggle then in the endd
my struggle comes out a c. then
that bureaucracy
that's then then
that kind of red tape is a lot of rules and regulatings to follow
many, many things have to do but
because becauce the regulations i can’t do then
as in go around the system
when i chose uni, then because i apply n. t. u. and n. u. s.
first year is
so my first semester result is quite # cui # because there is only
demoralized again is same story then but
no more worse than me, because i roomie, he packed a lot
make a promise to need next semester for hardworking
i didn't go to class when drinking tea.
because there is a group of friends who speak like this to eat, then jokes
it's like he goes to borrow highlighter from the girl
just like birthday, then then throwing people into nanyang pond
because hall twelve is very leaning on nanyang pond
uh, do you understand that aviary?
because when i lost my friend, i cue then i fell into it with my friend.
because it smells stinky, i can’t wash that smart if i take a bath three times.
i do not let me enter the room in the room
every time we make fun of our neighbor because our neighbor is indians
we just talk to me at roomie
that is really coconut oil.
they also borrow the laundry laundry area with us
because they have no thing that drying clothes, then borrowed from us
they put it on but it was raining and wet
it is all the weather elements exposed
they took him and took that lighter to burn
just don't understand maybe it is a clothes they brought from india
our really went to try and burn
we are nothing to do alream.
because they have many body hair facil hair
they will put the facial hair leave on that sink
we are sticking to that its on that mirror
i told him not to do this anymore
don't do this, just
we do n’t have threate, he just told him remind
after you share, you have to go in that sink in flush
because every night they have gathering over there
they are always n. t. u. students
also, every time like hall has those uh caterr or
we usually drink that fruit punch over there
if you don't like to go to clubbing, there is nothing to do
the only way to distract is # talk-cock # session
because if you have no friends in hall
looking for us to eat but so sad, have to say
just after the exam, we will organize study group
just studying in that game room
grab the seats with those senior
just put all laptop schoolbags on the table side, then run away for breakfast for breakfast
because there are those travels that that
i don’t understand because i think i slip or some
some without them, take a big detail
come in from main entrance
it's because it seems like like during got
cross that barbed wire fence
his feet get stuck inside the barbed wire then
that cut is get deeper
because that man, he will never take m. c.
so he doesn't understand that we are also talking about the righteousness.
you can talk about but i think that teacher understands
this kind of thing is quite commit
so we need to like the like get out of school early.
that's then they just intranule
we ran out to buy hawker food
it will also pack it to the security guard by the way
because every time is nag nag nag nag nag
don't copy other people by yourself
just copy those who take a.
not enough sample to copy
that lab tech is also unclear to speak
because c. a. i take d.
do you also have time astro, right?
i don’t understand my friend tell me that you seem to take astro
it is three a. minus as greatly pull your grades up alream
because chemistry, i read this so miserable and take a d plus
you call me balance equation, i won't be with you balance
so what is balance the say organic chem? #si #
it is because after that year two semester one, then that there is no stay hall, then there is no distraction
i just go to library study or to go to study group with my friend
at that time, i duuring that like
because i can't get manufacturing
because i heard that shearwood is not easy
he is focus on welding joining
should take at least a. minus
i join four c. c. a.
because at that time i was because he had the maxim magazine
because there is nothing to watch in hall
those they are quite #zai #
so that competition is also quite file
because many people go to sign up
when my turn went to try out, it was already like at eight and a half.
his start at six thirty
the snooker over there
weijie he not good with sticks and balls
wei jie can only drive the basketball all
originally my friend didn't want join's but
so for archery so you can you are entitled to
he also lives with same hall with me
you are very slack, you are not main com
all things are that publicatives and business biz mag to make it
because if i am job, at least has point
and at that time i think cyber game society
i am after that, there is no more join their outin
i don’t understand what they do what is wei join. i went to join
also repay the money to do privileged member
where is the good?
i want to do driver, can i say that he can say that if you have your own car
it's just join ordinary member
i can’t find their forum, i am also a give up in the end
i didn't go to renew the membership anymore
because you have to pay back the money
i don’t understand, uh deli apprecio club
they will like once in a while and take you to eat well
those pawning session like is quite expensive
because like is 80 for non-amber
so then i have a friend to go to the # kelong # trip
it's so cool that they can like
those fishing things, grabbing themselves to cook and eat
i really like the lifestyle like of slack slack
he will tell you about life is short
like every day
it's most of his pay, he is buy on food
will buy food to invite us to eat
and buffalo wings
because where i sit on it, there is the air-con then you perspire then air-con blowing you
my mother is also is also quite a great cook so
every time i live in hall, i really want the food at home
because it is really hall, there is nothing to eat
i did n’t get it before the kind of six o'clock, even if i have student card now, i do n’t have to use it
it's very free and in k. l. people without a family and no family control, so it is not tight to wake up.
what do you want to sleep a few points to wake up?
fortunately because you have to go to bed early and get up early, early, early, early, early early early, early, early early, early, early early early, early early early early, early getting up and getting up.
i have to discipline in any way.
then i have to participate in that creative workshop now and i want to go back and want to go back to jamming
the main creation workshop is to encourage those who want to write songs and write our own ideas because we have one every year.
it's as if you u. s. m.
we are new tunes and then go to preparate every year, so we have to write songs every year
then after receiving all songs, after all the songs, you can practice yourself to compose and compose yourself
i have time to participate in my course environmental science
my course is very relaxed really nothing to do assignment than others because most of us are field work
the advantage of my course is that you can go to many places such as first year and go to #tioman #
they reclaimed the sea to be expand, and then many corals died. let's go there to inspect this
although it is said to be inspecting, the lecturer mainly takes us to play because everyone goes to snorkeling there.
i just live in camp and do n’t live in # geng #
then go to fraser-fraser hill and go to golden marun
it is on the top of the mountain, so we go to the area like fraser hill.
then there are nothing to watch that soil quality.
as for landslide because there is and and and.
uh, it's not because there are them now that they are kanlin kanlin, the soil has been flowing, and then they do a kind of engineering
it is biology engineering that it means that they plant a plant and it will be longer.
cutting your illegal logging illegal logging, i punished you tens of thousands of dollars and tens of thousands, but in fact, you have a tree, do you know how many millions do you make a tree?
so he is willing to be punished. you do n’t need to punish me. i do n’t need to continue the money. after i finish the money i earn the money, i need to give you a penalty for you.
this is how the educate people's psychology
there is no way to do not stole yourself by yourself.
these things look at the society. you talk about the kind of corruption. you see that the foreign country is relatively small in europe and the united states.
because of you, this is the idea, for example, if everyone’s thoughts are to eliminate corruption, i have been stocked by the police.
i don’t want to die.
if everyone’s thoughts are like this, of course, it can be settle
it seems that if i am me, i was stop by the police to i think i would also give him 30 settles. i don’t want to cause trouble.
so i think they will give bribe.
yes, i know i understand, i know, i know, i know, they will ask for offer. you have obviously heard that i have heard my friend case.# # mana #
they repeated this is to imply you, and when you lowered, i. when i. c. when you give him.
i have also heard of my friend who said you #mahu #settle #di # # # #! # # #对 # #atau # # #dekat #
normally, this is actually a friend who has been in u. k. m. indonesia before
because you can spend money to buy people, you can go to bid more project.
in particular, most of the kinds of places at the seaside are even the sea of the tesco area.
when you buy it, you may only buy 600,000. now you can sell a few millions.
you can also talk about some k. l. it also depends on the area if it is #damansara #
i do permanent
there is a contract, but there is only me departable
this benefits you
if you are contract, you do not have to get the company's medical can employee purchase
you just take basic
but i hear contract is relatively easy to be late and no one cares about it.
it's relatively easy to contractract just without benefit.
many under agent is unde agent, but it may also be found by yourself
for them, they introduced it soon because i am also my friend to give me an address. email, he helped me register
it is also the kind of introduction. he also helped me find agilent
after that, there is no benefit or no salary, you want me to be a laborer #siao #
i can never do permanent, i can't convert my friend. i have intel.
he has no chance to convert because he is also under one of the other agent, so you can’t convert it for two years.
it's as if you do nothing, do you know?
you can be promoted to senior and the like in one year, two years, three years
but you are constract forever.
what kind of experience do you want to look at?
very generous
i don’t know because i just received one of the offer that agent
are you talking about contract or permanent
before i was in k. l. find a job
but now, if it is said that it is k. l. everyone’s idea is that k. l.’s basic will be relatively high
but when i went to find that the basic in penang was the same as the basic of k. l.
it really is that more provinces live in penang first in starting here in penang first
it ’s three more than three yuan. i’ m at k. l. the same price is actually k. l.
now that it is more and more expensive, i can jump to k. l.
the food of u. k. m.
or do that rapid rapid k. l.
then bend out and you can drop you over there
without me, i drove in my penang to k. l.
it will be relatively better, because i don’t have to first year, i have eaten for two or two months.
sometimes at that time, even macdonald didn't know, do you know? my district # bangi # no macdonald is to me
go there in the middle of the night and then go there to eat it cheaper and cheap set at 12 o'clock to 3 o'clock
it is often like we go to the kind of shopping mall to mid valley
my prefer mac d more than prefer food court
you eat mac d lunch hour and add up to seven pieces of seven pieces.
uh, i am without me, i am living outside my first year, i must live inside, second year, i moved out, but i did n’t cook it myself.
what do you want to eat and eat, and house mate also goes out to eat with house mate together
because house mate is really not able to cook it
that new hong kong person is to cooperate with him to play that shuttle for three or three seconds, we have been there, we have been there
he has been shooting, but he has been filming.
i adjust that i. s. o. ten that tenor and then shoot again.
then he okay, singapore, i think
unlike malaysia, it is troublesome to traffic and then over there again
its card e. z. link can be used directly to all the trains.
singapore and malaysia almost feel that fun should be its zoo, right?
when i was a kid, i was in an impression.
at that time, budget is now all the way, budget, my family is all the way budget may be again this year. i will come out again this year because
i should not go to k. l. i will see what i think of what, but they will say that they will come to penang
play or play or go to australia, right?
i think its advertisement is beautiful.
then u. k. i also wanted to see their architecture those european europe
if there is no, if it is because -
it seems that i want to go
what else is backpack forum and take a look.
it seems that thailand's budget hotel 48 pieces four people sleep for one night and ten fast money.
in three years, it should be said that there are not many chinese people who speak hokkien dialect in fujian dialect in three years
the car is a bit messy and messy. then then parking can be chaotic
then there are any other food. i think it's almost the same as j. b.
i don’t know if some people like to eat penang
some things are more delicious in penang.
then i prefer to eat j. b.’s butrser. i don’t know if i don’t understand any
so i think okay is here when i come here, i may slowly develop here
you can talk like this like to eat k. f. c. eating chicken
i don’t know if i eat mac d. i feel very fake
which set is better to eat?
then it’s not that he has a new one i forgot. i forget what set has added that shrimp.
i don’t understand what shrimp set combo is or what
that shrimp is nice but small
still friday's shrimp is a bit delicious, no one invite people
there will be some people who use motor to go to exchange and then i take him motor
then there is motor a lot more convenient
if there is no car, i think it is also troublesome to be troublesome.
then i went to my catholicism, i went to the church in newlane
it takes a long time and then the bus is very dirty, so uncomfortable, i don’t want to go to catholic
so it's troublesome and bus is now out of rapid.
it should be these two kinds of dinner and throw him go to gurney to give him slowly
i have thought about opening a swimming pool so that then specially train those live saver
this is to think about it and then think about it without practical, and then i don’t want it. then i will think of opening a restaurant like this.
it's not enough to connect to a laboratory restaurant as a better.
so all the cups are test tube, so the waiter that goes in and then wearing lab coat like this
more feel and then after passing
now just want to be my master, it's best to do it
who can win who is to win first in fight
it is the synthase of the bioplaplastic.
then no one knows confirm by that structure
so now we want crystalize and crystalize and then shoot it with x-ray
i don’t know if there are people doing other places in my lab
because other people do this project is similar
what they do seems to be another are, they seem to do it
how to raise that bacteria to raise that produce plastic bacteria
some may be the different area but of those mutations are the projects of bioplastic
that plastic will be cheap and cheap
no plastic does not biodegradable
if you get it, it will be painful and then someone will use it
there seems to be three -five meter three minute
there is a stop for three minutes for us to stop every five meters
because we have because there are many nitrogen in our tank
it will compress that nitrogen those
if you don’t know how to compress, if it is serious, it will become narcosis.
if there is bubble in the blood vessels, it is very dangerous
then when we come up, we have to give it slowly coming out so stoping
don't just finish it directly, just wait for it to become a bubble. this is probably like this
if emergened is done directly
give that anger, because we have changed to such a small time from when we are below
will it be expan when going up? if you rush like this
it's too late to expand and then the breath is too directly exploding your lungs
if there is something above, it is emergense
it should be four minutes.
next day, then tank will have limit, especially because of his new because his tank
he has a singapore. he finished in ten minutes.
so i need control to breathe
so they are very dive and very strong enough. they can bear it for a long time.
use the snorkel above to use snorkel below
the pressure is empty and then the plastic entirely sucked into the nose. this is like this
so every time i dive is very hard because my nose is always pressed
i saw that dive master went to # leh # with my tongue and tongue
fun things should have no interesting thing, barracuda sees me running and then
it's not that morey eel, one very long
some will not be carnival
then because we want control buoyance, it is important if you do not control
it's easy to hit coral, it's not possible
so it seems that in malaysia, fortunately malaysia
that conservation's concept is not so strong
if you take some coral from the bottom of the sea, you still go to the shell
what protects those environments malaysia is those dive master.
then after that, i seemed to have some diving instructor. i heard people say this
after writing, they will wipe that coral to wipe
i have heard that malaysia should be like thailand.
then you go up to the dive master, do you want you to go through how many levels
i don’t know how many times i have to do because i haven't gone to check
because i didn't want to go to check at all
you also have to take rescue diver
no all this, no swimming swimming, do not need to step on the car rowing
my pool has a swimming pool near my house. it came from club and then my school is
there are almost a few schools in the country with life saving school
i saw my middle school teacher and then because i was not very active at that time, i was swimming
then the one in the middle is that you can learn to swim with the school's club because it is cheap
after learning swimming
if you want to save money, you are not very rich and you are stop.
i think it's a pity that if i continue
because i have a u. s. m.
now i seem to have only one national swimmer
at that time, i learned the first level of life saving.
ah how to get into the water and how to get out of the water and how to save people the basic basic
then he doesn't need to be so fast in terms of time. those speed swim
so okay is very good, because my instructor was also very good at that time
so then i entered the first year and entered the first sem to get the first level
just the second sem i entered u. s. m. lifeguard corp
it's a lifeguard like a society
then after i entered it, i went into one years and now i graduated.
then there is rowing rowing rowing
so we go there like alien like this
did zhencong come from captain?
you will feel to be very cool when you are awarding because all the chinese names are suddenly read all the chinese names.
i think the chinese are more hardworking because our first year's second sem
i don’t know how to do it every time, so i ’m so empty or do it? at 5:5:00, we are at five o'clock at five o'clock in front of him.
he caught that technique, he valued him very much, we kept giving us and then to come later
one person is scull two hands, we are four people and one person, one person is one side side
because we can’t play a person here, we have no place to practice because a person is balancing.
it is very small, then it is very sharp, and it seems very difficult to balance.
you have to catch that technique
that balancing is very important and then four people are also because
is it possible for four people? so sometimes it is more difficult
then the other one is relatively thin but okay, we four we
so we have been practicing physical over there
just run and then all the physical pump practiced feet because
that rowing has a lot of feet with a lot of feet
all in u. s. m.
i less practiced when i practiced third year
after that, the coach scolded us for the end. in the end, he still gave us off
i haven't trained it to skill, so we have to go early for a week
skill on the boat, but because there are too many people
so we are just like this and then sleep all day and take allowance
it's just like this, but when i remember first year, i was the coolest
after that, second year third year seems to be that team
it should be that men and women have mixed more than thirty bus
then unit # sukan # every time the promise is deceiving, he said that he wants to buy a boat
then there is the kind of logo of our own school logo, and then we never understand when we never understand because
not without result unit # sukan # they said to see result, we have result, but they don’t want to
after that, the three branches cannot be repaired, so it becomes our os very special
each of modify has that kind of iron, ring, plus stabilization
then use that plasticly to sew it up all the sticky fiber
so he will then oar is not responsive
it is said that the ore is hard and the other is hard, so it is fast when it is pulled, so when we are fast, then we are pulled, is that os or curved?
it seems that we seem to be almost final
because the distance is very far from every university when first year
uh, the distance is very far like u. t. m.
these four universities fight wait until the last year of last year last year.
all of our four final ships are almost the same as crossing the line together
then we have been together with u. m.
but the host is u. t. m. u. t. m.
the enemy is u. m.
um, wearing u. s. m. the ugly suit
that kind of sun is the solar, and then we wear tight's own tight
then wear a sock, because it has shoes on the boat, it is lock, then we have to get stuck over there
don't use it, just like it, then it will be more funny when traveling
on the gloves, we add that kind of motor that kind of motor.
seeing that episode so i can't really go to judge
before before
i have my friends with all his collection episode one until, his four hundred something, but there is no actual time to see all the episodee
but i lie down and go to sleep. five minutes later
at that time, before i decide to take bio tech because i knew my uh my results is not very good so i decide is either bio tech or nursing
but my parents did not have recomdynd, he said, then i went to think about it
don't do it because you are going because you are going to compare the nurse of senior will bully you to ask you to do that thing.
wash the old man's ass clean all that so
i can't prepare me myself mentally so i said i don't want it
she think it is difficult to tiring very stress so
do you want to do shift, do n’t go to recomate for so, but her friend said okay to do it? do n’t do it for her
it's really not really because of even
two or two also wear diapers so
uh, when i went back yesterday, i went in the all the odor of that home of that home.
he pulled out all his feet in his diapers, i listened to it, i didn’t go to see it
i, i, i smell me, and i want to faint. i will go to if i do it.
that is really not that patience is going
it is also okay and then come to light bulb you create layout and lighting efficient layout okay power saving
then you don't need to use more because the light is that the light is the most light, the most light is the 442 percent in the who house
if you can redote half, you have saved twenty yuan
for those things we are doing
ah to out of conscious education architecture can help okay
the first point why use the lamp because it needs a window here. okay is okay
a window it is known as the passive design passive design.
if you take your sun like this, you will be ascended here.
you can put here okay who can face the sun, maximum, the sun is two sides here
if you put the other fifty percent, the part of that layout
then if you design like this
then you tempeature of building increase, you will open air-con. if you go to air-con, you waste your electricity. if you waste your electric
you have to come in with the sun, but don't come in for your heat, you reduce its heat is part of that architecture
then talk about solar.
so there is no use for you, it is best to be maximize it, then you will be based on those names named analysis to determine. how do you put my building?
the kind of passive design passive design does not need to use mechanical. it is divided into two types called passive design.
the main is not to heat, don't give that thermal energy to come in your own home
simply first, the local climax local climate here is hot and humid here
the high humidity is hot okay.
low humidity is very cold, you don’t need to go out, you don’t need to get an umbrella
no matter how hot you are, you don’t need to take an umbrella because it is low there, it is low, so wet is so wet. we are sweating here and sweat. it is easy to sweat.
so uh, there is design over there.
because they want absorb heat, you take that the same thing to malaysia to see that this is a change of oven
so this is not applicable in different place
there is also the kind of urban urban and rural area. the city is different from the city.
i did n’t read that, i came to myself, i was with the boss of practical, i had to see these things, so i just learned there
those bosses who do business are very question, that is, as soon as i entered the door, i saw my toilet. they did n’t like them and they had changed.
then they are likely to find feng shui division to read his picture okay what should be placed
where should i have my room?
i am not because i have that book, but i haven't been free to self -study because my own basic basic from
what is the element called knowledge?
we even have our own built normal body.
there are americans, they have study feng shui, they in pacific, do you know this place?
but i don't know where he originally originated from his origin, but they did not see these things.
ah, this thing depends on whether you believe it or not, this is a very subjective okay. if you believe it, you think you think it is okay
as soon as he finished doing it, you can succeed. if you finish the thing, it is very logic, but you finish your business, who do you blame?
ah, i also talk about that you like that, but because the feng shui division is very influencing all okay, if you really believe it, if you really believe it
then i don’t ch ~ is this that i ca n’t be judge?
we major, we do not have a minor, we all are all
then we now add a little bit to our building to give it more beautiful and more beautiful
because ah, because the government has the main promotion of green start from building first
you building will be automatically influenced by others automatically, and other people will automatically affect other places.
they have arrived in maximum, but in malaysia is potential i just saw the newspaper just now.
yes, in the past two years, you can break through okay
many people do not have experience that the united states is already in eighties. they have maximum their things
how to go to reduce, those heats, those who do those things
let's talk about sustainable okay. when you talk about sustainable, the most important thing is that you have construction.
this very related architect is actually lied to my okay. i want to be a sustainable building
where do you build it? you build all trees at forest and build a sustainable building
i did n’t have b. j. i did n’t know b. j.
now you look at b. j. area high density.
this is what you explect from penang
because when you talk about high density, many things will occur in social privems
if you are a planning social planning bad, many things will be destroyed throughout the place, otherwise you do n’t care about your place. how much is good?
it's like uh, you have a million and a million room of all okay, but as soon as you go out, you will be snatched and you will be shot. if you are not good, if you are not good
although that is good, the kind of culture should retain the for next generation and continue
then from the past to the present, there is a shop house below the commercial.
now that culture is gone, it is because everyone is move out from geom geom georgetown okay how do we bring those people back to the previous culture
it means that people who can live on the shop hold of the build means that they can live on it because they do
then everyone go to sub urban to go like this move.
how do we bring back and their okay bring back and they are create's building. there is a place on the commercial place below.
it is called one stop center people live there work there. you do n’t need to travel.
because the current room is the quality of live that is poor okay people now people now like travel
do you understand the kind of mind set our mestality?
it's like okay. for example, i said that i had a person who talked about green okay all day and said green all day, but he drove s. class
or uh, he wants me to pro ~ i introduce you a problem, a green product okay, you don’t understand that kind of
then i think we should go to take action to tell us to show us the very miserable scenario in scenario.
that atlantic's ice dissolution it is sea level rise seven meter, the entire georgetown is gone
uh, if they predict in twenty years time twenty years time sea level increase seven meters
it's as if they are taking the monday no plastic
buying a house is policy, you now i think in malaysia is much better than those india africa
malaysia, who has no room, is really good to live in a lot of houses
is it not to say that poor is very poor and rich, and if you have money, you just just overall just right.
no one will starve to death. africa will starve malaysia every day, so this is our good place.
its theretical is in its paper.
if it does not have money to maintain if it has no money
actually, i see what kind of them is whether they specifically want to build that sustainable. the first point they are trying to exchange oil as much as possible to exchange money for money
after changing money because of gold, gold, money, and money to exchange builting because builting will be valuable
because one day they will fall, the price will fall to the case where no one wants, they are attacking that policy, i think myself is like this
they are not really build sustainable, they take money to change things
because everyone is okay, for example, it is very simple to produce the first batch of four thousand vehicles in the united states.
the entire nation uses electric cars and no one uses the oil
oil will drop the price and drop the price, then there is no value, and then dubai will die
he has oil. he has no problem now. the friend who is now is that bush. they are relationship.
for malaysia, it is about to be like this in 2015. malaysia will become net imported fuel
it is completely impoort in 2015
after the end, there is no oil. petronas is dead. after that, i don’t know how i don’t know how the economy is because malaysia's current economy depends on petronas’s
where does our money go?
this is what i worry about economy, a drop will happen, if it is stable, it will not be robbed by the street.
you are chaotic and then chaos is like social like social-
it is difficult to find a four o'clock in our architecture.
it is even more difficult to find a dean list without finding a dean list. it is difficult to find a four o'clock.
because it is studio okay because studio is very subjective, do you know that subjective is
it is also okay in p. p. god of war.
ah, of course p. s. three is more beautiful
because p. s. three is the discly of blueray of blueray.
its beach okay and them
ah, life will be compared with all.
cleaning will be higher than malaysia's beach first and and their wave will be higher
because they are close to the sea of south china sea
nishizomita is like japanese tokyo
their clothes and shoes will be cheaper than malaysia
because their toys are just here in japan, they have never tax
it seems that there are things like malaysia, there are some things that have not been tax, such as us
ah, if we want import this
but all of their toys and clothes in taiwan have not been tax
electronics product produced in taiwan is like h. c.
they are h. t.
follow a lot of l. e. d. it was also produced in taiwan
they are a manufacturing company.
usually in taipei's attraction
because taipei is a city okay
because they have a very large shopping mall
their snacks are pretty good and they are like a shopping city
more bigger than taiwan okay
if you compared to this china
it's almost the same as malaysia
because they are the duty free of free duty
last time i went to hong kong, i went to this disneyland
usually it is the same place, it is almost the same. the difference is that their tourist attraction seems to be ocean park disneyland
then they buy things shopping mall a lot than
ah, the brand -name for brand name will be more
it's a place that there is snow from this snow
have ski
usually people go to jeju island to ski
they have a mountain so so in south korea
recently, i went to this matta fair so and they introduced it. it's pretty good
the society of their government's tour group, if you want it, if you want it
you don’t need a travel group to take you to take you, but you can only go to seoul
you can't go as if jeju island seems to be their little state
because only seoul has english characters
then, there is no english word so, it will be more troublesome
can't in korea survive
if you are in seoul
they recomed, we go to seoul, but not recomed, we go to the other.
recently i look at this resident evil four
but she is in that plot in that plot
her entire super power becomes one without going.
her super power is more powerful than ordinary people okay
she will jump far away. okay and then seem to be
her healing will be a lot faster than ordinary people
there should be only this movie
it depends on twenty four
one, it seems that the show of detective is so okay, but in 24 hours
what happened in our real time in 24 hours
every server is different
usually, they are about their national security.
different stories are compared to for example
stealing back that information about this information
ah my favorite is twenty four
this so this prosat represents professional selling skills
and continue for another two years like our degree okay
will include english
it will include us.
ah outside, this, learning center okay
it is also their and usually this counse
come to atnt, this course and another
ah his first prosat course requires twenty thousand people
that topic is all the center prepared outside the out source
that subjects will give our h. r. we have an academy in b-braun in b-braun.
every time is different, it is as if we take the exam
we need to have it as like we are as we have.
three level for sales in order to, if you want to start your salary or you want to start with your status
he will observe
see how we go to persuade customer how to doractailing
yes, you will go to hospital with us
see this specialist and this um
our director is okay from malaysian
he has been in b-braun for twenty years and and for twenty years
he was the first time he entered b-braun when he entered the first time.
he has done director for four years
ah, you don't need to have a degree
your sales experience
then in b-braun
most people promoted is from sales
when i was a kid, i was xin-min primary school
i want to try so everything
i have a lot of but mainly, my join’s committee, i prefer to follow people internet
and biz-mag
my time electives time electives depends on i think
it's my senior told me that it is easy to score
he told me that it is easy to score. i go to the apply. you see which you can take which take which can you take which take
i am an accountancy without specialisation.
doing accountant or auditor i think my my path is more or less or less
yes, i will be an auditor then
my source of income will mainly stem from my investing
stocks bonds an ~ any form of investing
still studying reading up on learning how to
really shopping trip then is best to go to like
buy then your ship here on asia's side. this kind of thing is very expensive.
it's from now till my grad trip
it should be that you will go abroad.
you can go to short period of time
go to relax
it's mainly mainly for kill time
really kill time then
i went to countries, i went more when i was a kid. now i have nothing to go.
go to u. s. go to korea then
forgot, i can forget i cannot remember i go i go to quite a feet countries when i was young then
when i was a kid, i went to cruise every time i went to cruise
it's like every week to go to craise because i uncle every time i go to bet there
our children will go there, there will not be to enter casino then, we will play with arcade to play game-box on that cruise
the busy is one thing but i know, just feel
with you and parents abroad
that kind of eleven in the evening is to go back to hotel to sleep # wah-lao # where can anyone go abroad like this
i won't go to overseas exchange initally i wanted to go exchange then
it is equivalent to your own people to go abroad okay no doubt you will make friends but
like to eat food actually for me me
it's when my friend talks about irresustable.
i might go to the kind of crystal-jade or imperial-kitchen
i am a buddhist but i know, because they said that there are many variation of some buddhist
you can eat it outside at home, you can’t eat it at home
every time there may be, there may be a moving or anything to call the same guy to go and look at the house that kind of things
yes, right is that he can not eat the family that he can't eat.
where is the current generation? there is a christian i think christian, will you be christian?
the right other people is the i think is quite relax
it is they do for the sake of doing it like
you can go to thailand at that time to go to thailand?
just like what is it in outfield?
do you know what is fruitips?
no sugar or drinking drink didn't eat chocolate without eating ice cream
when i entered army
i entered army, he had a can of coke, heaven, you are thinking about you outfield so tired that there is a can of coke to drink
sugar is also just eating so everything change from then
no zero at all
you can you think of it, don’t eat then, don’t eat then, your friend
they offer, you then, they just
because i think sugar, you have a like
yes, i think boys most guys, they want to eat meat
play game but, i play game, i will addict
it's i know
now i will like it, i will be uninstallly then to topally present my set from playing
unbinstall so at home without home, you won't play
because i am really long hours, i play
i used to be young, maybe j. c. so
before playing lan, cannot make it's home before playing lan
what is fifty six k. modem at home
when playing gunbound, did you play gunbound?
go home because, my dad is coming back
read until seven o'clock, go out for dinner
that kind of parents who wants evade
not you book out then, you must play when you go home, you must play
going home is play the whole night
also r. p. g's
otherwise, i will continue to play so i uninstalled
there is a break for one hour to eat
without me, i won’t play if i forget to eat, because i still have a hungry, i will go to eat for dinner.
not dota
do you do, i don’t understand why i know
go to okay you should go to the gym more often also know every time you go there
go there to see that there are a lot of people.
can't all okay, they are all
i think not there yet
you won't want too big but uns point where satisfied
didn’t you know what is blood blood buff?
just talk about you, you travel, you
your muscles will tired
it's like you are tired when you are tired.
it's the point of time where, your muscle is the best -looking
you, you go to see the difference
you go to say, you go to gym because gym has a lot of mirror
your muscle will all be modify because many blood will rush to your muscle side
to why, see normally
that kind of miner mister body builder
they will pump so their muscles will look better
you still do n’t do it well if you watch it in online or do you do it yourself
that kind of neighbuurhood gym looks like the gym of c. c
still what the then you share, you will help him then after that, he will help you like this kind of thing
i don’t understand what i am, i am all okay fine with trying everything
i think everything must be but me
it's just not strong i know
i think i don't understand like
i don't understand i i think i must find something that i really love
if you want to find that kind of that kind of really like it, it is okay
okay like we join rugby till now i am quite motivated by rugby
that kind of racket
i think you are only you join
your you get stream you do a lot of things it makes it a lot easier
to then
now i am listening to english song so more or less both, i am okay
will not be like but because now i look at the kind of taiwanese variety show every time
i have seen a lot of like, so do you know what is super avenue?
that's not bad, i may go to donload
from itunes buy the original and download
i think the kind of foreign
there is not too much singers too many of the kind of america that is like like
my sister used to be exaggerated from damn # wah-lau #
really the she will like chase maybe one
because like then she chase her a lot of # wah-lau # i every time she chase her
i saw it, i felt very stupid
will go to airport to pick up that person, then
don't feel very stupid
i don't want to play with her argue
go to malaysia malaysia, you drove in for a long time
she will exten
that is, like because all now there are things like m. p. three
can't disturb to each other
listen to m. p. three yourself
i don’t know what i think may not understand what i think may
i think i think you jump the like the like dance of the jump. i think it is quite interesting
although i more or less, a dance idiot but
my life philosophy is everything must try everything must
it's timething must try
this kind of music is too late to start
i don’t think it ’s strange that there is such a big person who wants to learn music from you
at that time, i and my friend had attempted to learn drums
really psycho motor then, i will give up up
do you do, do you want to ask me if i have learned like to learn driving?
little is also like a ten or twenty -twenty -twenty -twentie
many, many people, they every night, they
they will be ask for permission.
go there, there
at that time, i thought about buying but then. i thought about the kind of lud bike one point six one point seven k. it's a bit expensive
because they also think they are also cycle pretty fast
that is, i have driving license now. i am also like
after all, you do not have your own car. your chances to drive is not many
just like your father, you may drive you all
because bike is cheap bike, you think about you buying a bike like, it may be three three four k.
your one time pump one by one tank less than twenty, maybe fifteen to twenty
no, no me is just a though, i just said that the cousin given to me by mention mention said that he couldn't learn from our family.
because i used to t. p.
that kind of almost fata ~ fatal
because like supple
i won't, i won't be like this, just like
i will tell them but if they object, i will make it
i will make it with i will make it clear to they that i am just information
sometimes i sometimes do this because sometimes i think their mindset will be more old -fashioned flexible
for exactly thinking some young kid
can't i will point out to them that not youngmore can be real
just only countdown park
no, i have been to never wanannanananannan quite stupid once.
it's really a waste of time.
for go theres for what also
really i think i need to i need to work harder i now # jia-lat # no motivation to start
there is, teacher like okay tells you what you want to learn now, what are you learning?
for read on ahead or read more in depth into
did not go to exercise
can't start to travel up again
if you do n’t go to you tomorrow, you will waste the then as a result of that then.
now just to find the motivation to standy
if i can be next year, yes but i know
you are j. c. r.
there is no at first, my initial plan is
my stay year one then year two i want to go to exchange
i don’t want to go to exchange now. i don’t understand how my plan will be next year.
if you can be stay, it will be casual if you can stay. if you don’t can
it depends on how you arrange, your timetable, if you can't stay, you will be arrange a tightable three-day week
i am that i am more relax.
live is very close to me like a few blocks away
sometimes they are also offer for fetch. i come here. i am quite okay.
see how you set your timetable, people will not set at 8:30, they will set about ten o'clock
there is very little lecess of eight-thirst
if you have lecture, you don't know what to do
there is an elder sister as i mentioned one elder sister
i don’t understand that the relationship of sister brother is very
do you have elder sister brother
there are brothers to you, you have twin brother
okay
i used to fight with sister because my sister, i think my sister is very domineering
when i was very young, i then give her then around secondary school
now, she is useless and her father complain.
uh, she is in s. i. m. read
i don’t understand my sister’s grade is not very good
she is a very street-smart person is like who does not understand when he was a child.
she has a house not really that kind of gang but that she has a clique
they saw me at school because i was like her school but in the bowen but. she did not go to a. j. j.
just as bowen, then her sister saw me and i became gladys's younger brother i. my name is not alvin. my name is gladys's younger brother
really, this is gladys's younger brother, then, what then, her friends will come and ask if i am like this
i don’t know before i i i i till now i know going on actually because i bother many things. i don’t care about it.
there are really person of of status
someone in the past, uh like, you know that there must be that kind of # ah-box # to find 碴
okay
i am the most innocent, i am very good
there is no thing that is now chill
when i was a kid, i think i think around secondary school.
just after you understand
i don’t understand if your secondary school has but i secondary school every time
just like to understand the recept break
because the whole body is hit, the whole body sweaty sweaty is like this
for the teacher who will definitely scold the teacher, every time you hit the then
no but wrestling, do you play when playing?
very stupid's true # wah-lau # then i think it's really good.
the next holiday, what are you going to do?
what are you going to do?
graduation has not graduated, you have been to which country
uh, i have been to white country a lot
uh, see depends on where do we go to then usually we will chooose the cheaper one
there are not a lot of them many night markets, many night life then have that kind of how to say hot spring hot springs
what to play sports and play ping -pong
before the past, primary school middle school played ping pong, j. c. first three month to play ping pong then after that
what other hobbies
um, there is no hobby
what resolution has this with this with this higher higher g. a.
and restaurant waiter
uh, i did admin work on the ministry of manpower
and uh admin year about it
it must be relief teacher because of half day, # pang-kang #
because when you are re ~
just uh cher he take my pern, what kind of thing
uh sky-garden you know sky-garden on suntec
the then toilet above is the kind of toilet yeah in the kind of uh sung
it doesn't seem to be but
when you want when pack up, you have a lot of things. clean like that kitchen, you want to help clean up and stuff
you are not then what is this
really, how much money is said, how much money is about
he will check
so so there is no choice
uh i know but i think, do they win oscars?
one or two weeks then no more already
we are different from you, we are like cores, but core is nothing h. one
i also don’t understand that h. one that one that h. two
i don’t understand how many do do work
what are you lit
every time you wait for prof then to eat, no one can eat alone
your cannot be flexible
don't go to i think's nearest canteen is the call it can a the i think you alway you alway
you have to eat, you didn’t eat mcdonald
it's been a long time we only ten minute
we uh the committee we do canvassing right so so calld like we key of how much each each of us canvass
hmm first sem first sem okay but this sem is a bit slat
without me, it is impossible to stay here.
i would rather be to be a waiter. don't stay here.
because the thing is engine
there is no real job propects.
i think i bet, you go to n.
his first year this year's second year next year
he reads n. i. e. then
he read four years in engine then # da-bao # one year because they could # da-bao #
packing means youfair then redo the take the module then he five years then after that he came out to work
after a year or two years, then he is very # sian # then and he comes back to read n. i. e.
uh so like i think he is more than hall fellow
no but apparently my friend all wants sticks here
very cheap, they talk about why like
don't understand you, do he call the prof and take you to you and tell him that we can go to can two?
so i am like this, what is mid mid low
uh, not say family person like uh, do you want to show you? week
there is no club now
or do you not understand what you are c. c. a.
i guess what you are c. c. a. it should be
that kind of slack slack
still are you compulsory or you do not have c. c. a. at all. some people have no c. c. a.
to you should be librarian
you are the sports of sports
volunteer volunteer okay what volunteer is good
our hall six also has to go to j. j. kick
also from j. j.
there are quite a lot of people, pro j. j.
he is as big as me, eight eight so twenty -twenty -two
i heard that he doesn't understand him or he will go back j. j. don't understand that he is alumni then
help j. j. what do you do d. n. d
i am uh d. s. a. first three months then after that uh i manage to get in aging then then
um yeah should be
that is to say
uh yeah can talk like this
i think all guys still like soccer
there is nothing to record boring
i just elective lecture
teach you like how to
for no actually
there will be a little similar to to one or two of the modules that i have
some things learn about the same like the perceptions
communicate what are the process of doing so
watching a movie one
playing sports, just play the from n. i. e. seems quite itesting
i used to play basketball but nowadays i really like basketball anymore
if you lose it, you will run and run continuously.
so usually usually by the end of the trailing, it will be very tired
you can't just look at like
if you think you will like frisbee, then then
there are some places like the
after the class is finished
don't want to go to can ~ b. eat
uh picking meaning like
i really know how to appreciate food like i think
it's like
food expert like that
you will also affect his people what live like
obest you then
it's because you don't think it is good to eat the okay then everyone
do not go there to eat so with you
compared with the previous combat ration
i used to think that combat ration was really the kind of like you open alream you totally feel like eating but in the end actually
you will think a waste of time
also a lot of hardship so
it will make us like to think that in fact our friends outside or our family members
life is also very important in our lives
i used to be at the point the people you meet
go to different unit you really meet all the
suddenly there are many leadership
sometimes you need to really take certain life experience or
give full play to your leadership question or you you need role models
there are these people to show you examples and stuff like that being you can actually
if you can't hold hall
it's really convenient to live too far to live too far.
because there is that i. h. g. so it actually helps to
because there are many different things that you can take part in so if you go and
there is a like the business subcom
i think that's full of interesting plus if i stay in her maybe. i may not have this opportunity to learn how to like to play darts
that experience was quite
continue to live in hall
it may be because like
sometimes they pass your room but
the purpose is to take that good degree
there will be more opportunities to actually
i think if you don’t live in hall, you will never feel it
don't play like just let him win since you know no point
they also know that they are not just playing is for themselves
this i. h. g. season is
i really will bond our altogether
although they have practiced like for a long time but then
they are like do in a team
very different i feel that you need a lot of consistent work and under thinking
that kind of underardinging will be more important so
wisdom the intelligence if not not
if not, it will be really difficult to so year
many of my this sem modules are project based
it's a very good person i mean you are very capable
work hard and effort
otherwise
no i have not donated blood before
lazy to do plus
a little strange if you go to so usually alone
maybe there are too many maybe people too many to have the time to but i do if there are too many
if you want me to live there like do all those
i think like right now
at this time, is more important in my life
we can like to go to foreign countries to do some c. i. p. or what
there will be many people who have the money who have the time and effect
there are usually going with family
grow up so mostpably we
it's a pity that so i feel ii hope that within the next five years or so will have a chance to go
if the grade is not good, also can't go
my family doesn’t mean a lot of money so
if i think if i want to go to exchange
if you go to places like maybe china or
the closer country is a bit of wasted like
i really will be different as in
i will give you a more dispeerince than you get in asia
when you are see
anyway, you are as long as you are not married you still get ang bao then
if you get married, it is different.
anyway, no girlfriend no so it really bother me who is classwes with first one or not
people like me are really a bit lazy
a few days later that i actually wrote back to
unfortunately, this this time round the angel and mortal that we play is a bit different
my resolution this year
just take good results cause previous sem do well
my resolutions are not many
if you have an empty friend, if you go out with your friends
make some friends or think life is boring is your yourself to be black
the most convenient is to go to town then
it is also a good place, may consider moving there
it's okay, i think
my name is xiu-min
i am reading accountancy business
then this year year-one
previously, from temasek-junior-college
i participated before i was a block-manager
that chingay-performance
because c. point c. c. c. a. points was five points, so i think there are a lot of foreign students to participate, so you can know more foreign students
malaysia malaysia malaysia
they are all n. u. u. students
but i think is very simple
uh india, i participated in global-discovery-program there for a month
that's because there are okay over there, there are lectures and we have a lot of company visits
then i have been from the direction of from the south or the direction, and then and where i am there for a month two weeks in delhi then one week in mumbai one week in puni.
there is a class over there and then go to company visits company visits.
but who yu* over there
the diarrhea is because the water there is not clean, but we go there, one month, fortunately everyone is quite healthy
the funny one over there is india have roti-praata
we eat roti-prata every day at expect, but when i get there to india, i find that actually india no roti-prata in india then
i don’t know that there are no roti-prota over there. they are relatively hard and crispy.
they are naan
they call naan and they do n’t call roti. they do n’t have roti-prata. you go to the restaurant to order or also on the roadside stalls right
their naan has no sauce. we all like to call garlic naan
then every meal will have tandoori-chicken
and the butter-chicken over there is pretty delicious, and then the we ate what else we ear and one kind of beverage called lassi
it's much like yogurt drink but then than yoghurt
also, they are very famous on one cup of spices right plus masala
it seems that the kind of curry pink curry powder, then you are in every kind of you can think that you can think of right in okay whatever food thinkt
ah, let's go to pizza-hut to see masala lemonade and say that their lemon juice adds curry powder
we ordered it here. try is very difficult to drink
then there will be curry powder's yoghurt drink's yoghurt drink
and ice cream also has a master flavor
lecture time of two to four hours and then go to dinner
then in the afternoon, we will go to a somewhe related to the left in the morning
then i will go to say. today is economics.
our visit is not a tourist where you can go as in a place where you are not a tourist identity.
because when i walked on the street with my friends because i was because there were 25 people who had 25 people in the entire group right, there were only five boys.
i found what what no more girls on the streets was found at eight o'clock in the evening
people are more conservative because my friends are staring at the street because they are wearing sleeveless top right on the street
in every place, there will be because the school that is the same school is called i. p. m.
that school only teaches business a business school
there will be students who take us and then have a little bit of internet
quite friendly
because i think, they are business student so is more lively
then compare because their marketing is a compulsory subject to the
but we found that a very shocking thing is that each of them wants to take eight eighteen papers
so you can see some like
seventeen because i went to 19 years old last year, some of them were seventeen -year -old and they had first year of masters
they said that because of that school, they said that the tuition fee was expensive than n. t. u.
as long as you still get the money, you should not workm
it should be a year for undergraduate, it should be about seven thousand
i saw it last time i forgot, but that one sem didn't have one year.
they did not have because i think foreigner foreign students did not have subsidies unless you are like p. r. or
if you but, you will stay here for three years if you use tuition grants
it's not contract, i don’t know how i know how it works
in n. u.
because i want to go in n. t. u.
therefore
i went to the last sem and had my friend to malaysia, it was very similar to our join's odac trip
that outdoor-activities-club
they i think and they have any of the organise. there are many activities but recess-week.
not because their trip usually is on recess-week
just last week, but our sem needs to catch a lot of projects in that week, so really cannnot go anywhere
last time i went to k. l. then this time may hol ~ that long long holidays will go to korea with my friend
i didn’t follow my j. c. friends because his sister was over there
so go there because cathay now goes to march in the month of march right when we have a book last time. if you are at cathay book, the air ticket for korea is 550 yuan. they have discount. they have discount
because i now only year one is the before we went with my friends last year.
then i started to find a job first job in marina-keppel-bay.
because we uh a. levels just came out just to do admin to admin, otherwise it is just selling things or it is not
then okay felt a little money because my mother said
we go to work by ourselves and make like for three or three months to have money, then go abroad together, then after that back, go to changi-goneral-hospital.
just encounter h1n1
then they just i think they are quite
i will worry that i will not let you work in the old but my parents will be okay.
i also picked up there because the original campus office was with c. g. h.
but in the end, i moved to tampines when i was in august because simei asked for expand. they needed one more clinic in c. g. h.
because we and okay and i still have more parts of part time, as if i am waiting for a girl who is waiting for uni.
i work there about three months and then run about once or twice a week
that's okay so so
it seems that there is no effect, but because they are all because they are all
a name is doctor ben-ong forgot what his name is because he was olympic before
i'm doing master at pharmacy school now
use your computer to design drag
they will have a little question that you use your computer to seem to be design drag.
we will go to lab to do the experiment to prove
the things you do are the same as the computer will be related
it's as if what i do now is under
then there will be about 3,000 compounds there
how to say is the compound of bio activity
then we will choose the best thing from over there. the best is top hundred.
slowly standy and then choose the plant
there are anti-diaabetic profits in the plant
then we will go to lab to do the experiment
um, use drug or nutraceuticals, it seems to be
it seems that say is talking
mango's juice for us will make people who can use this to use this to reduce how to reduce
a database we call # nadi # database
it is our target in our body
then if it complex is stable
that is to say, that compound will have activity and our receptor diabetes
then from this compound, we will see which plant it is from
we are just designed
we actually don't have design
they are designed and then we use to analyze result
they are create a data and a software
it seems that what we use is docking
come out this thing to calculate its internet energy
then its binding energy is to see how many of their complex is strong.
most of the majority should be on drug
well, if it is database, we should be
find out the plant which has anti diabetes so that in our malaysia
come like maybe
because there are a lot of we malaysia, umia biodiversity
it's very strong here. we can use that income like economic part of the economic. if it really has anti diabetes
he is he also has anti. he also has diabetes. he is type two diabetes
his diabetes is already better, from 14 o'clock to five o'clock
prove's anti diabetic effect for bitter gourd #peria # #katak #
my sister should do this should be okay
very basic thing is idea of everything living cells
yes, it will be for, but we will focus on genetic more genetic food tech
there is mixed also bio informative and lab work
then now we don't need us to use computer to screen through, it will be fast
put it off. now, we do n’t need to go through
this will save time faster, save time and then save a lot of money
do not need to do one by one
my job seems to find out as if we have a lot of our body.
for diabetes maybe, what is the reason why we know what is the reason?
cause diabetes and then we have to take the right medicine as if the right medicine is prescribed.
let's talk about finding its target and then
well, you have to know why you find this target and then
you can go to optimize its lead compound its single compound from you screen through
if you can improve it, you will develop for a drag like a drug
at k. l. then there is
head to head pharmaceutical
some should have read pharmacy and read in degree course
in fact, anatomy is more basic. it is really a bit complicated in our cell.
it is our cell as if its appearance in our cell
it will have a lot of different protests to find a group to find a group, not to say that protein
how to say that there will be a lot of receptor so in its membrane cell, which one we want to target it is our functional group
we look at basic's basic
it seems that they will have adiponetic to diabetes.
that fat cell will create diabetes it will give our cell become resistant to insulin
after reading this adipocyte, if there are many, it will cause our cell become resistant
will not give it nor it will bring it like a reduce glucose level like this
that is, the people who seem to be obese will be more obese.
we are in cell
it is adipocyte. i call adipocyte cell adipocyte.
just when our compound enters this cell, it will go to bind and this p. p. a. gamma
this p. p. a. gamma it will regulating its cell is for it
hmm, it seems to be divided out for the more healthy cell
it will not have that residentant like this like this
will work hard because more on chemistry here
then i used to be biotech so
and the computer's database, then what algorithm is it?
then basic’s command key has to learn everything
we have separat sub project.
most assay is if cells can buy
one is to use mammalian cell to be ordinary us cell test
then look at its glucose it. the test cell is
he will come out as if we can bind, he will give us a color color and then its machine will deb
see how deep its color is if its color is very deep.
um, all are drug design, but different from different disease
seems like h. one n. one malaria dengue
this is like malaaria dengue will be more um
well, i don’t know what their system is because my boss has it as if complain has given us because their project has arrived
no need to continue doing it, it seems to give you this five years, the five years are finished, and if you have activity, you don’t give money, you can’t do it.
but he said he was very strange to do it. have you done it with activity? do you want to go to my project like this?
i have heard such a problem. i have a com my boss has complain
it seems to be to do it like that in the control of continue.
the bitter gourd water seems to be its tab tablet, what is continue and his project will go over there
there is no continue
i hope they will give us a little more to extend
well, my work almost finish, but i don't have register yet
because i still don’t understand his offer letter, i will come to about four or four months, but i haven’t got the offer letter for about four or four months.
it's strange that it is my project almost finish, but i will
because at least one year for master so i will
it is the drug of commercialize and then find them out of journal
see how high their activity will be
then from their one, we want to standy and the one.
will give you activity and then from over, we will do a thrre d.
label three d. label gives them
that is to say, say is a triangle label
then if these three we want to have anti-diabetic, there will be three three functions
what school's then
next semester, uh, maybe i want no food science
actually i don't know because i am reading uh bio-obeering
i think this holm
because i see that uh website
zhihong and the others right we decided the line-up
then shaz and him talk, i will ask us who is
only colin understands because colin has run away with him
because zhihong is uh, cheeyong is best run, it is the best
he is faster than color
uh cheeyong faster
if he did not win color
he is almost the same as colorin
uh, uh chee-yong
uh, then rita
there is a sarah su arah su to run another team
because we put three relatively strong men in first team
originally alex then
her face is very uh, uh, stern
she this year year two
because i think it should be very serious, otherwise he won't talk about message as soon as he arrives at the hospital.
so zhihong zhihong has a bit of zhihong was very stress because
it's not just uh, uh, help surf and sweat
last week was chee-yong, not to run
uh, no, but xie-ming has me to travel with me. he can catch me.
i understand him to communicate like going to exchange then
so you are at hall
focus on this camp, you else, you didn’t participate without participating
my school is much busy than hall
uh, i am me, i am an assistant chief g. l.
one o. g.
our o. g. twenty people
it's my senior who has always told me that he always told me to call me to do it
six or five, a grower, one for six, so six
we have lead o. g.
originally, my one of my anior told me was will not be so busy
uh he he was very persisten that i was like
i help uh hall six as a great eastern survey
i help school to do six great eatern survey, and now i want to do more than 70 survey
so those survey that is uh that is waste me a lot of time
uh a survey five mao
so hard that target is 35 yuan
my other maincom all do 50 others do me, maincom is to do 70
but if i don't even want to be the other, others will not do it
i was going to give my school more than 20 think think i was like
recently, there are uh training
then i think my this sem twenty two a. u. u. that is the most important thing
i am not c. c. a. yah
i start at latest eleven thirty every day
i help xieming do logistics
so my week ultimate burn
i and i have told me to go back. i. v. p.
i might be join biathlon
i, i have gone to my trial
but uh but me # heng # i don’t have no join bithlon, otherwise i will be quit
a sports right
it's hard to participate in sports and and camp
uh, wait for you to ask you squash
i thought i thought hall two would win me. i don’t understand because i think of us
i because i think of our hall people
but hall two has zhi-rui with telius
then i don’t understand that their women seem to be bad then. my friend told me that squash is very powerful
then ufter that they told me we won the prof daughter play
do you have you, do you have any uh are you thinking about going exchange?
so because of because of
i will go to g. i. p. i want to spend
so i think
uh, get up in total right
because no matter what u. s. is easier to travel
several times is clash with my things
it seems that there is no me like me, no one has received that email
that i, i, i not very sure
because i see canvassing, i don't care if i don't care
i like one day so, i only went to me before i pressed and saw okay
i do a lot of door to door
uh n. s.
because i think n. u. business is also many people
my friend took n. u. s. in n. u. s. business with 28 points out of 27 points out of thirty points
outsiders talk n. u. s.
as long as i drank it before, i drank beer
so i always thought i should be okay
but recently my uh my brother, my brother goes to do test us
he went to do it because he once drank a lot of him. he went to company function
he really drank a lot. he had a little bit of drinking.
others alcohol poisoning is really poisoning
my sister is rash when drinking wine
i live in hougang
i will definitely be stay in hall
i am very similar to i heard but
but okay but he okay one no as in he
he should still have practicing uh, that triathlon
he he didn’t do it, he did n’t do it.
i forgot if he is in n. u. s. or n. t. u.
i i don’t remember now there are still running one by one
he helped hall three now that he has nothing to practice
he is just that he is just running.
he takes champion every 800 to each 800
when he is secondary school
he has come to chinese high training
he and one of the coach did not work at that time
then when j. c.
so in the future, you want your child, uciesful in sports the let him job let him do too much in secondary school level
i have recently have problem waking up
yesterday yesterday seven
uh, sports camp
i didn’t have to one host. i told him that i am leaving
that organizer didn't know what but we also cannnot go
put pepper and herbs
except for cooking watching tv, sleeping
but it's not a long time because of the internet and not a lot of things to do
go to facebook on the internet
i don't know download movie so ~
will go to youtube, but it's a listening song
then, what is featured's video
it’s not clear that this is like i think of which one when i hear radio and then go to search to give him like this
which one is fly f. m.
no favorant d. j.
not bad okay, good
ah, this five friends, ah from their middle school
but so happy, their basketball coach pass away, so them reunite at his funeral and then go to a cabin
there are bond back there because of the previous time, back in those days the kids their activities are playing outside
unlike now we are all at home, all at home
ah, i give me myself, i think it's better to be outdoor activities because if you do outdoor activities will be healthier for your body
then we will do the outdoor activities that do not do this like this ~ would die off the trend would die off
because all are at all about technology and then at home
then there is no time without quality time and ah parents and family bonding like
then i think outdoor activities will be more more interesting and more fun
playing monopoly should have a supernical game game game that all of the modern.
then this modern generation mostly the boys would alway their online computer games
what is board games?
then, there is, there is, there are friends who play mahjong
but it will not be considered as play for fun
because most of the time, my dad will watch the tv watch his korean dramas
because when he watched him, korean drama was doing it because i had nothing to do.
is there any movis
my father is going to tour for many years, i have been doing it for many years.
find this book while doing tour
then one day when i went out with my friend
see that third book
then i found so i bought the third so i started reading the first book to refressh my memory
this book is an about child.
the first book was about. he said that his mother had a good family family is a very happy kind of family
but in the end before, there was a problem that his mother changed his mother
then read that abuse as if it was very fake because there is a talk with use a knife to stab him
like ah trap inside the bathroom
then when there is a problem, blame it on is what he hurts their parents, argue
then when i went to school, i saw him like because
his mother did not give him something to eat so.
then if he talked about the truth, he knew he would be scolded when he went back
the second book is about him
the second book is that he is relatively big and then has a social service.
i think it is very increle because it is because it is
i think the boy is very pitiful, so so
this is the second novel which really atract my attention to reading because i think romance novel is very boring very boring
compared with more real life than file
my grand parents
then every minute will call me
because she has a uncle told me when you go out, remember not to take su xian to stay here to take care of me
now all discussing is so so far.
take care of so without such burden
because domestic helper after, they are very expensive
because they find that she is going to be like a like design three house
but charge is very expensive, and then her time cannot be change
you can do it in morning, but morning my grand parents hasn't woken up yet. if there is nothing to do if you want to makernoon, there are more things.
it's also inconvenient to make like so, so i didn’t go. hire one
because maid is very expensive now, there are many procedure a lot of trouble, because instead of called maid to take care of it, and then you have to take care of that maid because
this is not very clear because i listened
my grandma is ah when she fell surgery when april, but after that was after
she can do it.
i came back on monday and i went back yesterday to see during day time
because i dare not live there, because my cousin is not because recently was the seventh chinese lunar month
then there are many times as after the one leave the room my auntie.
she asked my auntie who was that girl looking at a child
there are many stories
but always like at this time she would ask such things at night during day time have this problem at all before this no problem at all all all
it should be a little bit of exaggeration because there is one night, we and my two watches, my cousin and cousin
sleep together in a room, then three three of us and three sounds. we jumped up all three
then go to check to see if my maybe grandparends fell down
then we went back to sleep when there was no time, but my cousin she was have diffical in sleeping
the bed jumping in our bed jumped and jumped and then the child saw my notice my cousin looked at her
pushing her and then the child doesn’t see so my cousin, is it a dream or real, but she think it is very real.
because she is sleeping at night, she is not very clear, do you really see or like this?
it's hope that, there is no since now is the eight month alream the eighth lunar month
i don’t know where to take them because i am side. i have been looking for no shrimp # pun # 我 我 我 我 where is it?
there is no other place. i haven't gone recently.
where to go to malacca
when i went there, there was no half in lucky
but there is no sun, but it is unlucky because it takes us to the water on the first day
there are river and then there are many stones
then walk to a tourist guide take us to walk away and introduce his #hutan #
how to do this is actually a shampoo. i can forget how he taught us to wash.
then chuli and her boyfrie was in front of me and me boyfriend behind me
very stinky, many bats are stinky with his shit
my torchlight like this is because it is
fortunately, after the post # gua #, there is no need to use any torch light. we didn’t go to the activity of night night.
just go to another waterfall in the waterfall, just go to play with water
just to go back
then my bottle my tupperware became the profctor of their hand phone
put it for hand phone, because the water is very good, the river water is very full of water
the water is very large, so it is easy to use it to install hand phone
these are their handphones
not cheap, so many hand phone
then after that, there was nothing to play the next night
i had to close it to let it go back to the recover
there is no tourist guide on the second day.
two days and one night your coupon
and a kent, we just sleep in single bed, i can't sleep with him. he is too fat
do you go there a. famosa didn't go to
because chinese new year holiday will not be very long
because we are important, we are going to the night market that i like to take it
i want to understand the culture over it.
his dripping rice like fishball is not delicious
there should be no one we should eat in that one, we should eat in the town
although famous is over there
but we should have one in my topn
not a coffee shop, it is the one that came from restaurant
that's why we go to the street like a coffee shop near night market.
at that time, hou did not find him night market?
then i did a lot of key chain, his key chain was very good
more delicate compare to our one on the side of town
what is that tower that tower
there are also key chain over there.
there is no such exquisite as him, you have to go to his night market to make beautiful
the words he wrote can be seen more artistic
i didn't understand at first because we went to play the place where the thing was that thing that thing
but what there is nothing there over there is the only one written in town there is a stone. you can write your name
he really knows that uncle is very old
he will really finish writing and what can you do if you can do necklace or do you do
because of it, let's see the red house after that we go to see its old building
but you still have to be guarded just in case
a good thing is in cable car
after you go, just start
when you want to bend, turn left and right
two wheels and two row like this
at first i was afraid of thinking like motor
but be careful, you will be acrfulnt
then when you go to bridge, the arch bridge you when you are fat, you want you and you
because i am a person who can't balance, i use my hand control
then ting zhong is a very aggressive person without her horrible.
then she almost hit the area of the cable car that took us to take us round
then if you want to take piction, you need to add money
tinghua has no her aggressive, she also helped me take piction while driving
and that picture is her take's from behind
she just learned, do you know? we learned on the spot that she took my pic ~ photo.
then she dares to go back and go to the left to right very quickly
i dare not dare to use it to be it.
then cable car is also because our boss has no sponsor, so i didn’t sit.
i have been to these anyway, there is no special
because it can see that view, it can be seen very clearly
then its seafood you want to try
his black pepper crab is delicious
his crab, you eat it in it, the juiceeeenenenenineniugh of its crab, its roe there
you still have to eat him on both sides, and he and juice are very sweet
and because black pepper, you are just lick outside and there is no one inside it is sweet and sweet
very easy to stop the close to bay, just go and then go up and then you can go.
at that time, i went to work in the work work of before that.
just wear you wearing that life guard's clothes and then you look at the goggles and look at it yourself.
but if you want more luxurious, you can cross the island and their provide food will give you to eat it. i see
there is no good material over there
it's almost an hour we can from north
my friends, you understand, i went to me, when i started talking, when i went to k-box, my friend would not let me use mic. do you know that my voice will be too loud.
i just talked about me to sing k. when i sang k-box with my friend, i don’t allow them not to let me use that mic
because like if i use mic, they will say that they will be deaf
so don't not give me mit then ok ok then i just sing like this because i use mic to use mic and there is no difference.
compared with the turtle, there are more power songs
right, right and right, so i just like me, i prefer zhang huimei's song
it's hard to project my voice
uh, i have recently been in a crazy english song avalanche* avalanche, have you heard it?
is it mari b ~ dig ~ digby ma ~ marie digby.
very nice and nice, my rand tone
i remember at that time, you still remember once f. o. c. meeting
my phone is right, that is, ring tone, okay, no problem is no problem. so-
ah currently is fi ~ crazy, then
the most recent is yang yan yang yilin's smile in your arms
is it too obedient to see and the fool, wen wenlan, is the songs of those female singers.
i am liked me, i just like her emo songs. i think her emo songs really cut into your heart
the right right yard, right, right right, right is me, because i broke up with my boyfriend when i broke up with my boyfriend, so i was very appropriate.very appropriate
what's more about that more than one person lives?
that kind of emo is very emo very emo
very often uh, in fact, in recent years, i have been more often becape like in recent years. i just have a. levels-i have been going to then with my friends and singing.
let me tell you about ox cart water ten dollars k. t. v. do you know?
and top one
but for you, there should be no problem, you are reading the chinese department ya ya ya same same
will be expected
because its screen is very screen, you can move right right and then why why
not very listening to chinese song you know k. box a lot-
didn’t i understand one because he does n’t listen to chinese songs and the other is -shena is also right?
i know, i understand, i know, i know shena seems to be listening to the strange language song, then that when they went back at that time, they heard that they did not like to go to k. because together.like, some people go there just singing there and just sing
and many people, they have been focus on him singing
so they feel that they really like k.box but they will s ~ they will still go i think i think
i, i, i am too, but when i am with me, i really found that i sang all the songs, so they are like because they sometimes
their amehow my middle school which i always go with
that group of friends close closer the k.box friends, what do they sing and sing different songs
then then end up, what song is my song right?
because my friend will be very shy, my friend, this not really, they are very shy, they just want them to sing because they think they sings alone #sian #
it's not that i want actually, they push the mic to me, and then there will be a few times, i will turn off the mic fake, i will like to turn off the mic and sing with them. but my voice is better than them.they won't notice that i don't actually open mic
because i found that i opened mic, i sang very hard because i want to suppress my own voice
right yes alex alex
you know on the day of studying alex neuropathy, he always told me to sing with novell.
i am then, i remember wrong, that's wrong, that title
the time of the song, one song, one song, one song, the time for me, because the more wrong, the more wrong, there is no correct to arrive
i am my ok with not not looking at words
you know i am not telling you that i can't study humans
because i can’t carry things, the somehow, i remember the lyrics very powerful, all of them say that i am very powerful for me to memorize lyrics
i can't because i am the kind of comparison. i will remember that i will remember that i just lyrics. sometimes it ’s very
it is very quiet, but he is sitting very close to alex. remember that he is right opposite, so i may not hear it because i sit far away and because i know he will try to listen to the two of us two.at once
he didn't just get dead, and i was lying over there. i was lying there. i want to study or you are going to you. i am going to die.
otherwise ok me no comments no comments
to go to c.a.c. freshmen orientation camp for c.a.c.
i am choosing between-
i want a long one, i don’t want to like for three, three days and three days, you will waste time. three days you go to what #sia #
because uh, i would like to have a job -like thing like join.
i and i am worried about my voice. my voice is like this. i think the one who wants to be ~ analyze my voice will be deaf.
yes, i am worried that i still buy it specially if i still buy it. this is not enough.
then you will only change your long john
you understand that long johns, you will only change that, you don’t want to shower, so you don’t know how to change clothes
actually, that is not the main reason, because in fact, as soon as i always told me, these things are not properties
you have to talk about the price, do you want to buy clothes and then ok and then uh
i am j.j. i am j.j., and many of my friends are entering this camp
also not recentone psycho asked him eh which one you going oh i think i going to c.a.c. one the s.u. camp very long oh ok tho c.a.c. becauce. quite large -scale then
i don't want to go to my course camp because i think i am reading maths. i go to the course camp of maths. i met.
she is hall ten* m.g.l.* she is hall ten* then.
you don't want to go to your own course camp
right and then out of your outside friend
you have to go to other camps except your court camp if you want to know outside
because i think your two activity actually is almost the same
and i saw that website has a lot of my j. j. senior in it
for why i wanted to join this camp
i think because people i know inside are pretty good, and like, if i didn't enter this camp, i won't sit here and talk to you. i'm because i went to this camp series of a series of stages of a series of camp.when things happen, i was sitting here to talk to you
the fate and fate then and i and i o.g. mates are also very close. because now at school, my course mates is actually hi bye.meet up and then go out and have lunch and stuff like that
the school or outside are the same in the school. we will not have lunch together because they will have their own friends, i will have my own friends, and then
then before the lecturelture tutorial then, we are tutorial.
bai yang, then tu ~
you will be together when you are in tutorial
phase right, the person outside cause-
and because-
and i find that you can talk to you with course mates.
because you talk about about your own court, you will feel very boring
right and may be more or less interested in. why do you read this strange thing?
it's as if you don’t know why i want to read maths, so i will then, then i will be ok, but if you have been telling you, you will tell you that you will not understand what you are talking about?meeting
not only i think all camp should be like this like this. if you go to a camp, you camp, why do you want to camping, why do you want to camping is the person you want to know
i think it's very similar to you camp ya
i want to enjoy and then follow
if you come out, those people come out of their o.g. from camp. i feel that the camp is very wellful.
for me infor
what do i get, uh, i'm ok, i want to say
organizing camp is actually very fun. i have started organize then since middle school. i like that experience because you organize. you will do some# saikang## saikang# what# saikang# is shit job shit job job justwill be
you will be very bonded together with your f. o. c.
right just like it feels like you have got what you want, like, a sense of accomplishment, a sense of accomplishment
then i feel very cool that kind of feeling is really good, so i will like to participate in f.o.c., but i don’t intend to do programmer
after this year, this year may consider that stay in the main commm
will consider stays in main commm then may be like but the third year and fourth year
in the first year of the first year, f.o.c. main commfm may consider doing a job that is less pressured and not so much pressured in the fourth year of the fourth year
very similar to g.l. sub commly, because i think i am because i am a student you know after all. i used to see that i saw that i was in the countcillors when i was in j.j. countcillor.
they have always forgotten they are student before they are countcillors the i see them
the teacher will ask this to hope that they will be very bonded
right, the teacher forgot to consider that the performance of our j.j. is not very good
you know many retain
there is one who can't get into anywhere.
and he is a man n. s.
yes, i am thinking about it, i don’t get my grade or i have to take the exam.
then since i can, i think aim for compares high higher honours, but i am a very fun person
you told me to totally, don't go to join activities, i can't read it all the time
for me, i can't high five then i can't really be because of me
i am not coming from mugger
i understand that i didn't read it when i didn't read it when i was in j.j.
i really haven't read my promos, i am fail
because i know that i cheat if i don't pass
my two take u. but overall pass so i have to re -examine
only i went to j.c. then and i was very close and they were very close.
i would like to follow them haang out of those
where can i go to pool every time after poly
playing pool, otherwise watching movies, otherwise you just find a place to sit on #laliang #
sometimes i can run from jurong to woodlands to meet because there is one in n. y. p. read
then we will always be met with meet right
but we are very exaggerated. we really want emphasise every day every day. every day, every day is that every day is that explains why i never do my timeial
then go home and sleep, not enough time to sleep. the next day to go to school the next day and then go to bed in class
i am very lient, i just slept in class
my teacher will not mark me down becape-ok teacher hurts me quite much because i don’t understand why the teacher hurts me quite.
my chef will call me up
he is chua-lek-public do you know
i know i know my friend
i me, my friend was very funny. he did you understand the kind of m. s. n. emot ~ emoticon right
he took his photo and mao zedong's two flip two reverse but reverse reverses to do it
in fact, your j.c. j.c. life is also quite fun
because jurong-point is the closest to
i'm mixed with jurong again
i'm mixed with jurong again
so i wiped out so and then i did n’t read the results without reading. i did n’t get the results when i got the results.library reading
suddenly no jurong-pont library jurong-point library it was like my secret home
it's really literaly is my second home. i go there every day and read it at 10 o'clock in the evening.
i am, i am not exaggerated like this
uh, i think i usually don’t get early. i will be late. i will be very late.
however, when weekdays is fortunate, when wekdays, i will get the table
because no one is sitting, do you understand that cafe? on that cafe, i will
function room over there is also but
i like to sit on the cafe, because it is cold in function room
then i feel too quiet to become-- it becomes--
that between's cafe and fation room
i think it is very confiver over there
i am learning me now, i mug to more fierce than me in j.c.
no actually for me for three months. i started from june ok
our level will take a better test because we prelims are bad
so when i took prelim, i was all happy when i was full because i was really happy because i was all pass and i learned from you. now i am in class.several then suddenly
but you have no you, you probably know because you know that all your friends are pass everything that, you know that you fail everything is of course, right, right?
middle school o. level o. o. level
ok
i am me, because i know because i know that if i go to interview, i don't have any problem.
because my j.j. leadership experience is not bad, it's not good, but it's not bad
i still take a lot of time because i am because of me
and mine is that i have to go to the yunnan overseas c. i. p. p. trip then.
then we are enough, then plus, i still class rep
i class rep, then plus, i am my entrepreneur club
but science does not like to remember things, i like maths because it is because it is because
i don't need to remember what i need to remember at all
go to apply by common sense
for you
to me is me, i, i, i know hum ~ i have always been that kind of source base
you know humans
oh then, i will do that kind of source base quality. i write well in that kind of
i can get the type of 23 points in the twenty -five points
i can't finish my g. p.
i am not able to pull the time i am the kind of straight to the point and then then
i am my style of writing
don't drag lara because i don't have information to drag me to pull the then
and i can't finish writing, i can't finish the drag, i can't finish writing, i can't finish it at most. i can finish it. i can finish it.
it is one of the first tail and then three points, then okay end of my essay
i want put things into words into
when i was a social studies
just one point is because you have to get that second point. is level two, you have to write an extra paragraph
one of my paragraph, i wrote four lines and then wrote three, three lines, four lines, i scored two points, i scored two points
my. g. p. i didn't finish it
my g.p. i like-
i can endure, i can't finish writing. i am also three points and three points.
three essay my friend write nine sides
my friend wrote nine sides and one is an esay on three sides. i count the five sides. i just know that i am bad.
i was me at that time, i just hoped that i was like this when i was just a. level. i hope
fortunately, end up, i am also pass so
i can't do business
i read business like
i used to have a sales job. my boss has always talked about me
you customer is what he is like this
i can't read that kind of humans
you tell me to write essay, i will die
and engineering is very stuffy
i think i see my friend. i think my friends read those things for a long time. then i wow, is it necessary to grow like this?
i can't read maths on end up
i will compare explain
i agree with me who agree with me, in fact, i have thought about like
he earns more a month than teacher normal
his extra money, he went to invest in those bonds to buy print
it's really good to make a lot of money, you are to be their guardian
i and i before with me tutor
because i have the same opinions on this kind of thing as i tutor. i like to talk about things like about
my previous j.c. my maths tutor, then i like to sit and sit on the side and then talk to as in and then say that i will talk to him.eh actually a very good idea i should follow you then i am right
the two of us are very idea then, so we exchange each other
yes, i actually like children, but i just like children, but it ’s very taxing
then, in fact, we are also like when i teach me that i will be more stressful, because i may be very stress
because i am actually i taught me that these are all known to me
i started teach her from j. one
there are more one who is his friend you see
just like
i went up to teach her, i was very stress yesterday because i am also very tired
i taught her timing from 7.30 to 9:30
and you can imagine, you teach a student, you are already like this
uh weird encouteers with guys
i just ok me
oh ok, there was this person xi ~ -not he likes me, he is he who he wants to chase me
about this person, i have a funny encouters that i will never forget
walking through him to take a picture, teacher video, there is no control teacher, some of them, because i can't get my mobile phone out of my mobile phone when i was in middle school, we all took the mobile phone to shoot the teacher regardless of the teacher regardless of the teacher.
very attract attention
let me talk about another one that you can visualize is ok my sister
she is in n. t. class
you understand n. normal technical
in fact, actually actually misunderstood them
they thought that because there were two people being suspend
actually no one is suspended
i don’t understand why i do n’t understand why they are making troubles that they think someone will be being suffered by suspend
that person is okay
i'm looking for you if there is anything wrong with okay
just settle settle se ~
same age of the same age
in fact, at that time, when you understand you, you can’t
talk to you about this kind of person, you want sean brother, i tell you that my sister is such a ticking dump
in fact, without actually, just follow ordinary people
you are very similar to me when i meet an unfamiliar person. that person speaks to me. i speak like this. like is very much like me.
you, you talk to me, friendly to me then be friendly to you plus that time
if you think my sister is still with them, i can’t get my sister like that.
he wants to come to my birthday party i invite you
i don't have a reject, i'll go
it was just that i had to be celebrate my own birthday then is okay
like a very for me a very weird encounter because
i feel that i should be solved after settle that should be solved like other people.
there is still me very embarrassing.
i was at settle, i told you that my sister is like this, so i will explain to him, so i do n’t intend to continue to have the following. do you know?
after solving things, settle, walk away
because in fact, although it was not familiar with him, he was quite good to me, so he felt that he felt a little like to treat him as a friend.
they know that i will be very affected becape, i will think you shouldn't be like this
well, i used to be study
uh, when i was secone
however
but it is also not used to playing because my team is very like not nice to each other then gossip gossip gossip
uh, i am junior room committee or something like that then, i do assistant business manager uh, eventhough. do a lot of things and do a lot of #sai-kang #
also do to do car wash
go to door to door all day to sell things
uh in j. c. r. c. like is very time consumping but
i also help me to play i. h. which is inter ass games
uh, i have play with tennis and softball.
because hall six is the best hall hello
uh actually our hall six has a very strong hall culture, so many people will come and go
the coach uh is the same coach from like.
because it is a professional degree
uh, i think you can make a lot of money after making an accountant. there will be a job security because even if your company goes bankrut. you also have an accountant to help you calculate your asset liability all the things so that even l ike if you fall closed you needto like know how much the bank without pay you
uh, uh any four is okay, but what i don't want to go to is k. p. m. g. cause i heard thatht.
not very feasible
uh actually i am going to work
my dad is going to france to work so maybe, i will go to but quite unlikely i most prop and will not go to like work
uh actually yes, i have been to many other countries.
but my favorite is the japanese cause it is very nice that there are very cultured
and when i went, it was winter time so it was beautiful
uh all the site is beautiful, there are a lot of things to watch.
when you buy something, the also package until very nice for you then all the sales atntant, they will be politely spoke to you
uh the you feel like second class citizen, but when you go to like westerner countries
uh, they can look down on you, so do you think a like
it seems to be your second class citizen
unlike us, when we live in singapore, like
i hope i can go but rely on g. p. a.
you can go to other countries to read the it is not so exitnsive when you are going
if i have a chance when i am in college, i can go to overseas exchange. i will definitely go
uh, i actually have considered but then becape. i can't speak japanese
uh, i want to go to like, because never been there, or australia
uh or the united states because. uh, the thing of like shopping will be cheaper because they have factory outlet shop
i can live with my friend to the road trip just rent a car then like for two or three days.
uh, i think it will be cheaper than flying. so yeah
uh you compare it in a related sense
uh becaue it will provide me, a very unique experience
uh, i can like to see other places to watch many where experience things when you are young
but you must not sit old when you are old because you sit in halfway then, you will have stroke
in the age of 40 years, she will refuse to sit down roller coaster because she is very scaled. she will have a stroke when she sat down
do you understand me?
you interviewer seems to be very bad
i am an accountancy state
don't ask me why i chose this course because, i have told you
i started to get angry, i started angry
i'm hot
uh actually i didn't think so far in in advance, but it is best
my semester is already called digital lifestyle in clear
but don't tell my lecturer
because if you tell me, i will get in the test
so you can keep this between our
don't tell my lecturer when you hard hear this recreding
i tell you that i don’t have plan so far in advance, but i want clear, my prescripe elective
because if you clean you prelble elective
so i have to wait for a place like like before going to clear's unre ~ unrestricted electivers so that i can you know
don't be so heavy's syllabus then i can go to road trip
i want to take a prescrip elective that is easier to score
uh i think like what i am interested in
uh, i actually yeah i am very internet in physics
that's my favorite subject
if you talk about it, i will feel very shy and understand
the hokkien people said that # paiseh # but they all mean the ame thing, if you want to compare # chim #
don't mess up, you don’t understand
then i teach you that a star is called astronomy, do you understand
reading the stars, you will be astronomy as study of stars
uh, i just pick up softball like a month ago
but i think i am a good softball player
if you have softball team, you must ask me to go to join
because i really take it very much when i tell you that when i have the ball, i will fly to the sky. you have to catch it because you don’t see it because you can’t see it too far.
it's so good that so you must give other player the channel
so i like i felt that i should go to like try other sport
because i told you that when we are young, you must go to experience something else
because i have told you that there will be body pain joint pain
my favorite is shopping
my favorite words are sales or fifty percent off mark down or factory outlet store.
my favorite is shopping the most fullfilling is that you want to buy one thing, you go to dig that bargain bin then, you find a beautiful clothes
i will feel fulfilling because no one can find it, but i can find it
this is called talent i have a talent for shopping year
you can also get like it is far my house
except for shopping, i like me, you will play piano
uh, when i start, i will go to like piay piano a bit to disstress.
and urfing the web, i like to read my friend's blog
fortunately, my blog’s blog, i go to visit every day, but he has no update regularly
so every time i go to the butn like, i have nothing to read, so i will read his past entries
or i will read like sites like f. my life dot com
it is a like they will post their embarrassing moments of the day then. you can read then and laugh at them. i like to laugh at others.
because when i listened to chinese songs, i don’t understand what they are singing just listening to the melody
i like michael jackson
because his music talks about real things seems that they will sing like black or white.
uh songs like they really care about us, he said that when he said that the brazil crisis
because his very popular artist will have a millions of people to listen to it when he sings a song
start changing their own social thinking year
like now has hatti earthquake, so there are actually many pop artist, they all help them to raise money
so they have a put on an uh concert singing
it seems that rihanna jessie beyonce and they all have like to help hatti raise money by like singing a song then. many people listen to the concert or listen to that song.
that earthquake's like that thing happened then they will like donate money
i think everyone will have a lot of scandal like even if you are a normal person right. when the paprazzi does not say, there are many like hero, you will speak bad things about you
so i want to choose to see michael jackson's good side thenen.
it seems that he likes to be the plastic surgery then from a very beautiful man to a monkey
he will also be like good deeds like. he will donate money. when he speaks, it seems that you can see that he is a very gentle person
uh stars like paris-hilton i think her public image is poor because she only goes to clubbing drinking every time
she did not do so i really respect her
i think she will be red because her family is very rich. hilton hotel empire
well, my favorite thing is steak steak
and i think the universal like singaporean's favorite thing is chicken rice
everyone likes to eat chicken rice yes and i am no exception
uh, i also like to eat ice cream. what i like the most is cookie and cream ice cream or mint ice cream
when you go, you can call this double double chocolate chips ice cream or something
uh if i have to choose i will choose a restaurant because it is relatively clean
there are others who come, uh.
in fact, it will be more expensive for like.
well, i want to learn surfing. i think it's a very cool sport and like
i think it is very increle because i do n’t have a chance. i tried because singapore cannot like to go to surfing.
uh, i actually considered a laanguage to be my elective but
i heard that very hard to score then as a practical singaporean uh i know if i will really do but
every time i do resolution, i do not have a determination to follow through so
uh definitely because there is a few reason
uh, because i live in siglap which is located in the east coast
so when i have to go to school every day, if i take public transport
my hall is a person at the hall six thall six is quite fun like.
those friends like like my neighbor my neighbor in hall, he is a very cute girl
although she is as older like me, she is like a small girl so, i think she is very adorable
she is also like her character.
six hundred ninety -seven pieces of five -hairy according to my roomie
uh also, if i don't want me, i don't stay in her i stay at home
i can turn on the air -conditioned butn in hall hall six every day every night every night
we don't have any air conditioners. we only have standing fan and ceiling fan
therefore
although singapore is a very hot city
but sometimes uh it is a bit windy so pretty good, you will not be asleep lying on the bed, you will just lie there and keep sweating
so i will angle our standing fan directly our face, so when we sleep, we will not be too hot
so you have to be brave when you see a flying cockroach, you must not use like
so you also need the pick up that dead cockroach then
do you want to wipe your floor is really a very annoying like very irritating when, a cockroach like fly into your room
because i think uh it will be a lot more convenient and staying in the hall also has its own good points which i have said so earlier.
the second reason is because of the quite fun and our hall six.
there is a very strong culture and they will care about you very much
uh, i think i will miss my family so much
so like eventhrough she is not physical here, i will also think that her presence when rings rings i check that color i. d. d. d.
uh, most of the time is her so i really miss her presence yeah and then uh like me
therefore
she takes seven minutes of minus two points, so the ending result is
she takes five points white is not back
so she can enter temasek junior college
she seems to read geography biology economics and mathematics, but it seems
she uh in the end she wants
uh, in fact, she is in consider between chemistry and geography
but i told her to takegraphy because her chemistry was poor.
that's a very funny joke sorry yes
actually, i sometimes miss her when i live in hall
because she is my little sister, i will like
i will like uh, just miss, her, she talks to her. like can see her story every day.
uh, this mundane's small details
but whenever i miss her, i just like to use my hand phone call like give her a call or just s. s. her
when you are studying, you will have a lot of homework for you. there are many projects many deadlines tests quizzes and examinations
hmm, a lot of things, go to do what you like to like you
there will be many hall commitments to do it as if there will
so there are many such hall things like to take up your time
so it is good, uh, an it is a new excerience but also one that you can get using to
we want to plan a event called hall olympiad closing
actually, it seems that the professor just said, uh
so we all have like to have looking forward to their performance
then on wednesday, volleyball match
therefore
uh thursday also has a match, but i can’t be my i really remember like now
go to atend's like exercise talk and do some exercise booth activity to make money
but i finished this six or six hours of like involvement. they only gave me forty yuan
i think it is really not not a lot of money
but i also mind because we really need this money because we have to raise money
uh, so in order to encourage hall resident to go. we want to help them subsidize.
otherwise, no one will participate in this oversea trip
uh, we want charge to be more out we are looking to not exceed more than 300 yuan
uh, in fact, i also need i. h. g. matches this saturday and sunday
i want to go down the same support
uh, so we really live in hall and live in hall and still have to study.
there is really no like spare time to live like
so i don’t like to like my family, my family because i really has time to do that
uh my most favourite topic.
that's not my favorite question. i don't like to talk about me c. c. a. topic because it is not very interesting.
um, in fact, this topic uh, i only have one answer is j. c. r. c.
uh maybe i like the most, uh the topic is
i uh, what did i go to country because i like travelling the most, you just asked me, i like me, i have any hobby right actually, my left out of
i like like to other countries to live excerience.
when you go to other countries right then you realize how differently,
not because i like emphasize, i and others' differentces is because i think we should like to talk more with other culture people.
we can learn how embrace, their culture likes, their unique
in fact, every country every country has their own beautiful like the aspect
i like to travellling to exce
uh, fall in love with the country experience new things
like the what the only time you stop learning is when your deth right talked about lee-kuan-yew
i have been encourage to learn encourage people to experience new things learn from
i like this that has to do with to the topic of other countries in other countries
in fact, you also ask me if i will be unguage for my elective
but i want to go well, what kind of language i want to take?
i roomie said uh, i room mate roomie is short for room mate
so i will be consider learning japanese
so i don’t understand whether or not, i have to continue speaking
i just know i just know that you want to live steal away. my microphone
why do you want to be a microphone hogger, you know that everyone has a chance to have a chance in the spot light
as a good person, right as a person right, you should learn give and take not to learn how to take
they are very, and their highway is very systematic.
and their road signs are also very beautiful. i mean is that there should be that place in which place appears, so it is not much lost.
but i heard that australia wants
because plan had to go to australia next year, where can i know that i will go to the united states in september this year and may not be pushed to the next year.
i went to online that day to take a look at the visa compare to in the united states.
it is something like online application electronics something
he said unless, you have to drive for more than three months.
that is to say, it has a time limit with your current car license. you seem to be able to drive for three months. if you want to drive for more than three months, you will get an international license
because i went to the united states, my husband did not need to take the internetal license last time to the united states
he takes a carling
i might be a month and two months. i don't remember that check that check for a check.
its south island landscape is very beautiful lake and a lot of lakes
but it is very beautiful and very beautiful and original
you go from christchurch, because it is close to the antarctic, you go to the south and the colder
so when you see you, when you go to christchurch, the autumn of its autumn is not completely yellow. some are still a little bit green.
but you are vietnam, you, you are driving more and more mowing towards.
finally, we went to a one that seemed to be called fox glacier
you can take the helicopter on the helicoper over there to go to the mount cook and mount mountain tasmania of the helicopter.
i don't know if it is new zealand the highest or south island.
there are often four season every year.
but it seems that the mountain is not for sukiing.
they have the one who climb the mountain, they will slowly climb up
but the world is very young to sit with helicopter.
no because we are a travel agency over the local over the whole package over the entire package
that is to say, we are a friend who has been my husband before he has been to him to talk about the trav ~ travele agency.
so you want to really talk about how much money you rent a day. i don’t know very well, but if you want to talk about the entire package alone, it is roughly more than 3,000 yuan.
it has been rented by booked to hotel booked
in fact, you can cheat more
because we can actually ask for motel
because in the last two days i extend trip more two days, because i had to sit in to sit in that hot air balloon to die
because in the autumn, when it goes in the morning, they ca n’t fly. try luck gong talked about whether to live for two days to see if you can sit in the end or not.
that in the last two days we told us to go to book motel. it is actually good. you know
it is also very good to live well. there is a living room with kitchen what is beautiful.
let's talk about australia to see if there is any
nice compaare's motel is much better than that hong kong’s hotel
that hong-kong, the hotl
i was unhappy at the beginning.
after that, he told us that you can go to check in, where do you know that when we go to check in, there is still a girl who lives in it without checking out. you know, you know that he has no check at all.
packing her things and packed her things, but i can't say anything because i am before two points check in
but the problem is that the people in your county told me since
it is very small to have a hotel
the first time i saw such a hotel in such a small room
i told my husband this is the worst trip i have ever ben
its hotel is very strange
something in a builting is sometimes seen that we look up a. building b.
its courter service customer service counter is in another building hotel and in another building
and i heard that its hotel is different differently, some are on floor three. some are on floor seven and some are on floor nine
i want to see different countries that must have different culture
what phillip island is there to see penguin to see different things
that salt
nothing i think okay
i feel that she is not enough to be the romantic movie.
but i just think that she will be more stylish if she does action movie
i really told her to do that romantic movie a bit strange. i don’t know that the concept that may be preconceived seems to be like this.
it seems that very few most of them do action movie
but summer is very many plays
last time i went to new zealand, the theater of its theater was very small, so smaller
i have never been to e. u. europe
but last time i visited the new zealand, i don’t know because they count the countryside country or how its theater is really small like a shop lot.
and they should also be there very few people over there
i haven't wanted to go to l. a.
it is difficult to use leave to take a leave. during his teachings, he cannot take leave.
i have to write a lot of reasons and write to write a letter. i like to write a letter very much.
without you, you can do replacement, but i try not to take it myself.
just say that sometimes there is no okay you turn time, you don’t give us leave okay one
but you make it easy for people during the seest
the problem is that its semester break is two weeks again
one week it puts one pres, another week, it placed another board
it is difficult for people to go to travel, you know
when people have to go to travel, i will write a letter and write a letter
there is no way for his own cover, otherwise he can play in his workmanship
because he did it at arizona
want to go, but depends on whether there is time or not because so far we have to go to the california side first
it's quite cold, if you talk about arizona, you may not be so cold.
yes, i can't do my husband. september is okay
because my friends have a friend, i have worked there for five months there for five months. before arizona, he really did it.
i think i know very much for so many years, i must know the only
she is a very blur person super blur's then
very incline to like to take care of her like you get the
if you are with her, you will feel that kind of resida to look out for her
without her, she is not a person who is very art.
she is art club all the way but if cause you come in by art niche then you want stick with art club as your c.c.a.
she is under's film society
it's right that is the one who is quite increasoring
it's quite interesting
she has nothing to play sports
it's just that she has no join sports as c. c. a. but she just liked it
maybe she is not good but she will enjoy like to play basketball, or go to run or go to that kind of thing
her family is quite similar to me
i think because i am the third sister, she is also the three sisters
because each time we go to zhonghua every time
take a bus and go to the then after that that
uh, i will stop bus stop then i will go to her h. d. b..
yes uh our hall's product whereby, we will be acting
acting then like is a bit like a stage play, so then that there will be
it will perform in front of the public.
acting is very good. ok her join is partly becape. she used to be flim art
so but i have join.
we are quite intertically full of suitable for certain roles that they need
cause, which was originally not needed, we are not a very stage person, then
on the stage, you want to act as a person with stage fright.
because we will have throughout the year, we will have that kind of rehearsal whereby. we will be in t. v. room
we just like rehearse the script then that emotion and stuff
at first, it will be very embarrassing but after that, everyone will be familiar with then
will like
it is very easy to open so and it is as the rehearsals gos by right especially near to the date of the performance.
everyone will be more and more put on the then, and you will feel that all of us have improve then that scene should be more and more beautiful.
because that time case side they have enough people.
the most fun group of people, i think the most enjoyable at this time is
these days right is very enjoyable because we really go
uh, perform then, the seats i think around a hundred plus over seats
it's really easy to play like you go there right over there
they have those dressing rooms that seem to be like that tvin room like then every every every every
we have yes, right, we really draw that make up artist super strong
she is her mother's mother alone
she is very good at me, make up then
she i think, she has such something like hall event every time
help us make up
she is quite good because our theme is
so we want to wear that kind of retro clothes, the kind of hair
that kind of dangling earrings of the wear big's polka dot dresses
that is the professional then props size
they will do all the backdrop
they really make a like is very realistic then
it's very professional. i think
if i didn't come to hall right, i couldn't participate in this kind of thing.
last year, hexis, they said very #chui #
their canvassing job has done a lot
we will also go to the delicious then
i am looking forward to that celebration banquet and chalet
for but this is for us
i am like to be programmer
i want programs like what are the events they the game that they can play all through stuff
many coordination between the different groups of people
i want to be a props, i really want to do props, why don't you make a props for me
because cast really is quite fun whereas, many kinds of props and their like maybe want
we are more like physical
i really want to perform to the one of the one of the director, which is also very fun. our director we have three then
one of the director is sam. he is samuel.
he is the little boy boy in it
he is year one, he is year one. he this year
he is because he has experience then then.
it's really his songs very nice to tell you, really good like our cast even thought, we not the person singing like
maybe only our cast is in
he is very talented
because we are our theme, family is family based then stuff
his acting should be but because his role is very small this year
he has no chance to play but i think, next year, he should have a chance to play
because the usually people talk about you are once a director you will be never be a director like, you will only do it once, so
he is our script director cum co-director
he is the year four in our hall
go to buy those technologies to buy those copyrights and come out. then i have this copyright. i will eat xiaoma. now i have been buying it.
i recently like the kind of mobile thing
because i think their current trend and they are more on mobile
in the future, all the people who watch in the future will use a mobile to replace a small thing for a computer.
still, do you need to change the thing about the touch screen
seeing that this trend should be eliminated in the future, those things that are relatively large, maybe there may be.
maybe he uses mobile connect to go to server and put his thing on the side of the server
compared with mobileity
may that more on and their time will be more more on mobile
you can talk about thin client. it seems that they can do it by themselves.
they have those things of policy
it seems that he can also take your account like hotmail
sell to those websites for send for advertising
it seems that sometimes those junk mail are those companies used us to use our account to make things messy
they use many methods to look like this to tag* user or make money.
it interface is pretty good, unfortunate
you can see that he now android and they have a market to do this kind of tablet. they use android o. s.
it's more convenient to do things like a tablet like a tablet
their o. s. there may be no resource
therefore, it is also good in mobility. lasting can be said that battery can use it for a long time o. s. it can also be used for a long time
for enough, if you want to write application, you can do those analysis.
then micro ~ you can use application to see the document is enough. excel's things
i think it is more important for those offices
he can really find what he said, he will find out
i see a lot of google things very strange
they seem to be apply to the united states, not the united states in the united states.
or did he free for a few hours and you played like this and it was gone.
you will accept it with skype method's late point
i want to change ppl and go to google voice ppl ppb
sometimes they seem to say that they have made money. they will use some bad means to earn those user money.
i don’t know what to do? do it? trend may be used for a long time to read the newspaper. if you want to change it, you have to change it.
for those books that seem to be google's e-book, there is a standard format
those who are more expensive to invest those hundreds of cheap pieces are also black and white l. c. d. some are also colored and good.
for now, i have a trend that i said that the market goes all to three d.
it seems that the tv game may also go to three d. l. c. d. that kind of thing
you don't need to bring spec. you can also see three d.
they already have this kind of de ~ that kind of technology out
it should be that it will be out next year.
playing game should be more before now, now less now
because now more on those workmanship may be tired and go back and go back and play, it is very tired, maybe, may be watching those things.
the english ones should be the kind of pri ~ prison break hero, which are strange for smallville
i should have it, but i don’t have a lot of it. i ’m looking at the english chinese in english.
uh, i think it will be cheaper. most i am cheaper with internet
but not good is pilate
most of me are downloaded by download
the internet can also be that kind of p. stream streaming.
it is also relatively old download and new websites. you can download.
for example, i went to that h. d. zone h. d. z o n e dot org.
uh, i should have no such side. i go to forum's more trustworthy.
if you go to those weird websites, there will be more virus
in this way, you must be a good antivirus to go down. ppl
too fast, they have new ones every day
he wants package those newloads every day
every day, there are new virus to donload
it seems that we are so um, a few kinds of one like their filer is receiving database
those filer can not have any problems with the data virus in the filer
as long as they are not in their computer run, he won't hit
it's just that they may have a potential.
it's okay if it's okay, maybe they are scan, but they are dead.
or you on your computer, they have a network spream like bomb is also in the event
it is troublesome to get in china.
our server
there may be me, i didn’t hear that they should be confidentially secret.
they use firewall to use proxy to solve
there is so far. you should watch a few times a month to continue watching the show to watch the theater
uh, do you want to forget the english film? there is another one that is called what is the name of his dream. what is the name?
i prefer to watch the kind of incompction more beautiful
i have watched the chinese play is drama t. v. b.
good -looking movie hong kong's movie is a very funny kind of ppb laughing scene that is very funny
i prefer to go to jungle trekking jogging everywhere to eat and eat like this
it seems that there is that youth park in penang to climb to the flag -raising mountain
or go to the more moon gate
the side of botanic g arden can also climb to the flag -raising mountain
it seems to be mixed impossible
uh, they will have a way to do a mark. it seems that or you will see that someone seems to be walking through those roads.
there should be all those who are those jungle trekking. they have been walking for a long time. he may dig and dig it.
but after a long time, you will be born. someone is going to go to maintain.
unless they are engaged in activities, he seems to be in elementary school. when i was in elementary school, i was engaged in activities in the forest when i was in middle school.
we had to find some preparation earlier to go there to use the broken color paper to do marking on the ground like this.
uh, i don't get lost by so far
we are more more on trekking
uh, there are travels to go to malaysia to drive friends like this to go out to play like this
go to beihai to cameron to go to a different place to find something to eat like this to go to north to north
foreign so far goes to thailand
now promotion, we are also going to go to taiwan from october to november from october to november.
we are buying a ticket without money.
maybe his seat is not sure you may be the random seat
just give the money of that tax luguage
it should be a few hundred yuan, but it is for that tax
six or seven hundred yuan tax back and forth from taiwan
it's just that tax does not count the air ticket to the aircraft ticket.
it's just tax
it is korea that is only two hundred pieces of cheaper like this
some foreign places europe and europe have never been to europe. i feel very special.
i heard that there will be, but i, i, i did n’t know at that time, so far did n’t hear that i did n’t hear that i went to exchange to exchange.
i prefer to read that kind of comic or read that kind of technology
those magazine of the computer phone
it seems that there are also those kinds of things that kind of telephone computer mobile
i also have to go to the way to study the kind of mobile o. s.
at that time, i had done for windows at that time, i also window pocket.
that phone should be visual studio.
it is said that you need at least one mac o. s..
i want install to go to windows, he doesn't give it as ~ android goo ~
don't want them to vendor site.
because our customer is relatively big, they buy them with them
in fact, he bought all of so far market.
they are basic in thirty -two bit
they used command 64 bit and then converted decode to go to 32 bit
in fact, they really listen to the people inside him that it is itanium.
all of the others are them, but i. seven i don't know
that may be sixty -four bit
but he is depending you o. s.
if your server can support 64 bit, your install o. s. it is thirty -two bit, so you run that command 32 bit
there is no way because you don't have the application of the 64 bit
this is a problem for the rewriting of confirm you want to rewrite
i think there should be, but i don't know what the compiler is
it's best to even look at the construction of 64 bit
i now use windows seven thirty two bit because my processor cannot support
you can also use a um of depand. i see that all the new either is 64 bit
except for his instivity, i think that the thirty -two bit is enough to use them to change the 64 bit, it seems that i don’t know why
but now it is enough, there is no problem, i don’t know how to change the sixty bit may be longer.
it is impossible for this market's relationship. they have slowly changed trend. maybe they follow the ball.
at first i was all microsoft things and got m. c. s. e that system engineer for microsoft
i didn't expect how could i come in and go to the unix line
it may be that at that time, there was no need for market.
maybe my apply has done this for a few years and done it for a few years
if you are not the same thing at all, you can say that both or two are different. if you really want to use windows for a long time, you can use unix for a long time. you may not be used to it.
in fact, his core should be the same. he may change something
it seems that the internet thing may be able to change the driver things
they are better to use a lot of different open source distribute out.
the unix to his from changed from that unix
slowly, he should have remembered it wrong. i have said it.
right -yield e. b. m
the red hat should also be a big market
i think many people in the outside market buy red hat
i think his red hat should be compared with same and unix
because linux not unix has a little different, they have changed
because he may be more suitable for that unix's things, the same
it may be better to use in that enterprise
it seems that the application run testing tester’s application run testing tester
may need unix to help them take these command, otherwise, i won't go.
the free fedora is also good.
i might choose the course of certified
for example, it seems like cisco or that l. p. i. vmware
still those varm app.
now how do our company just talk about other contract sub. i went out
it should be the last day on october 28
i listened to their intel people that they may be those money questions. they want a vendor.
previously, we have three most of the most of the most of the vendor n. s. machine niaga. our intradeco i am doing
then the two of them have lost.
then they want to takeover our department our department will be on october 28th
that is to say, he invited you, maybe his head count will give you more than 3,000 pieces. he can give you more than a thousand pieces for you.
different, they have eaten like this for a long time. if you are more foreign, i listen to them.
their contract worker has been doing it for a long time. it seems that malaysia has done this for several years.
because their bertit is high because of the contract
so his salary is higher than given to a relatively high problem.
they are different on their side here.
maybe or they don't use it as many things as manage
computer unit
very for outsource
those who will distribute different companies will be distributed in different companies.
just talk about sub out like osram
or, in addition to the outsource themselves, they also do business by themselves
selling server on site support helped others setup. in addition to selling a computer agent to sell a company to sell a company,
they are not just doing outsource.
it's better to find permanent
so find it, if you have experiexce, it is easier
those who have no experience want
because i have tried to interview to see the hundreds of people in those fresh grad to compete for a posity
it's really horrible now market
now all mobile phone is made by linux. it seems that the android iphone is all the market
even the siemen uses those unix things and slowly replace it.
it's a market
like siemen, he seems to be going to do that meebo with intel
strange to get up with intel and nokia combine
uh, they may be more stable on mobile
he may not say that the whole is like the whole linux, he will not take all the all packages in
may get the required packages and then compile into o. s.
for example, his phone is important to be install view document.
but all he package took out compiles and turned into a o. s.
use it for mobile
maybe he didn't look like windows as a desktop.
because existting put it in that electric in that electric
they can use advertising or investing in, may
for open source
because maybe they are under google
it is the first in that internet ad
it may be that you have made money over there, and then open source out. maybe he seduces many of those developers to help them write application
then they can slowly make more money, the more people use them to make some things to control.
he may have to give a part of create a thing like an account
but iphone doesn’t need iphone.
for him, he is not open source.
i think i think open source is better
for him not to approve, it cannot
all of my class mate are science comp.
i also think it ’s like this, how may it be fate. maybe you will have such a good opportunity at that time. you can also change your destiny. i think so you read me.after reading all the masters, i can’t find that if you want to get the work. it is also a problem.
uh, i also have senior over there. i told you that there are three levels of the third level. many of them are u. s. m.
they should have done more than 20 years and they are doing research.
unless you are a under university company
every work is good under company permenant is the best, he will give you a lot of benefits
so far, who has no benefits, i know that it is a medicine card to see the doctor who takes m. c. sometimes the doctor does not approve
most of them are special days. it seems that big days are going to do. it may be done all night.
maybe my work now is end because my work is ended at the end of october.
then you may find other work depending. i read it from that
set a lot of sealing this to wait for them to repond
different people, i think the interview is different.
most of me is apply admin, but i think admin is more difficult to find now. now i see that i may have a good trip.
most surf nets watch the show to watch those technology things and the news
recently, i see that many of their big companies eat small rooms.
because their oracle is based on that sun o. s. come to run their application
they eat that sun, but they become their own things themselves
if there is no install unix platform, it is impossible, so they are base on that solaris
if they do n’t have any solaris, it ’s o ~ o ~ oracle will not be able to go, so they want to buy them. they are their things.
there are many, such as those google is the acquisition of those advertising companies or the kind of places that he can know about your local
he thinks your things are not logic
give you a low score, but do you think you have done it because of every student. do you know? that is to say, i must read a lot of things. i think it ’s me to present.
then, if the teacher doesn't like all for you, give you a c for you to give you a b c, how can you get the dean list, is it impossible?
uh, how do you talk about based on which teacher is not sustain now because of the build model
you are going to buy board, we have a build model, we spend for each project minimum more than five or more
so i don't think it's a good move, i think it is better to use computer
then there is any final year exam
we are divided into we divided into we are divided into.
then the other three units after that are reading those energy efficience as the historial
then uh, this eight unit is project, there is no exam without paper, no paper writing
eight units will be housing this year
as soon as fail takes c, it is finished. housing is the hardest fail last year.
it is because it is like it, it does not have you, it does not reach the basic requirement, just have you, you are beautiful, you are beautiful, you can see it over there
i have park's things that are very comfortable, but you are not good at your own design.
is architect and practising architect and then a research architect
there are quite a lot of it, and then i will be based on those who really want to do a architect
period throughout research will use 22 years to make a good architect
twenty -two years have we already studied for five years? come out to do architect, so it is that kind of reason that you can absorb as much as you can absorb, how much you can absorb
for this based on your own vision, our planising is the part-time.
right, there are all # ko # those who are rich people, they make a portrait outside and say a few millions and then add that kind of
you can have no problem.
there are me who usually have part-time who take part-time.
a research draws those compile thesis and then help the teacher
then i like me like involve in, because they see things, what we see is different
i like absorb those who are absorb
then there will be no talk or some things can work and then apply can apply
our adva ~ disadantage will be more advantage because it is our policy our policy problem
there is that prejudice feel prejudice and feel then our own standard is not up to interior state
because i often participate in the competition, i participate in the architecture competition
he and our studio are completely two different things, but if you do in singapore, studio project you do
the teacher encouraged them to take the competition, so their standard automatically was already reach
then what we do without us, the teacher likes what it seems to be like that i like orange color. your best board is orange.
that kind of we have no kind of freedom to give play to it is play safe. our concept is play safe because we want to pass
if eight unit okay doesn’t have any one year, just one year
if you think about it, do you want to continue for one year or you want to continue what he wants what he wants
that kind of glass high rise trend has passed everyone towards to sustainable
it's always talking about green because they have gone out the kind of guideline
it's like my minimum requirement for, your building must reach to the kind of the repirement of the green green
if you are not so so, i don’t give you, i don’t give you approve
i won't go in for you to live in o.
i don’t have any book. i ’m base on the book. i go to singapore, singapore to have singapore.
very very powerful. it is by ken-year that ken-yang's local architect.
then he design a national library. if you read a book, you don’t know what the real situation is. you must experience it yourself before you feel it
this place with wind and wind and wind is not the kind of windy area, you can feel to its happening, the whole place
just go to build and i want to build it casually.
it seems that commercial area is our housing how to go and go as duplicate, not everyone’s family is a bit bigger
it has its own idea that can be said, that is, when they see this, this is holland's house, you can see this building
they have their own identity, and then i have no identity because he is all the things of adapts on his side
there are us, we have another subject now called architecture
another subject is landscape architecture.
that kind of christmas tree should not be planting like this
it can't get it without shade, do you know? i have studied this place before.
study that place there is no shade and then he plant trees to make absorb that carbon that carbon
for example
like a park car, you must find a tree and you can't
to that is in certain certain factor, it seems that if you imagine that tree is clean
because that is the place where common area is giving away for others? if he built in a big tree, it looks like someone walks every day and someone is reading every day.
there are different types of trees of different types of trees okay should it be planted in which season should not be planted and then um.
the flower is like a scrub scrub. it has different different classes
what do you want to be beautiful? actually, it is easy to know about it. do you understand it?
bamboo is maximum. if you want to go to eight meters
because i like me before i was involve in drawing, many i like to paint, and after drawing it, i originally wanted to be artist painter
i think the painter is not very realistic okay, not a very legitimate profession, but i am not talking about the painter painter has his own identity
ah, so i choose architect architect
that is, i can create a built okay to give people happy okay to give others last long
then you can create the environment to the whole family live together
that is a creation.
i think it is difficult to achieve my vision, but people still have a goal?
ah paint
just me ~ media painting okay okay
ah, everything is because i am participating in the game okay, i played for the game and then there are everything
tree portrait portrait
don't talk about strengths--
a little like ah like major should be 50 to seventy, 50 to seventy percent
i am because i am very me me, i paint, i don’t want to talk about myself, i don’t want myself to talk about beauty, i want people to talk about beauty
so i want to give people judge, my thing, and because if i talk about my beauty, people are not beautiful.
i'm not beautiful, i won't present
ink painting ink paintings are not without any chance to go to touch
but ink painting, i actually like the art simple simple and-
i am very strong for black and red. i like simple. most i like this
hurry up with watercolor, it's dawn, very slow. sketch hurry
uh, i want to go to that lion club.
then i announced the result the day before yesterday.
in the past, i was more exposed to pablo pablo picasso because he was relatively thicker
because there are two types of painters, one is very fine, and the hair is finished.
for as in because of the artist's artist, they are not, because everyone looks different
because i read that drawing, it is different from you to read drawing
this is what the painter wants to reach, and he is satisfied with what you see. but i think if everyone is successful, if everyone looks at something, it seems like i draw a portrait.
he laughed like the mona lisa family seeing the kind of artist crying.
because i can absorb as much as possible, so as much as possible, absorb okay.
a lot of um, for example, i said ken-year i just said before because he is green building. he did green building all day
that is his philosophy first point, his building must be ah sustainable
he must have a one one by one on the collect water to reuse. this is then there is a wind
his wind direction is that his shape is all based on that wind to design is called philosophy
then some high tech if you like high tech because i like input into that high technology, i will put it in that philosophy
then there are some kinds of calling him for many kinds of him.
it seems that the bird's nest is like complain.
it is like this, it is c. c. t. v. do you know the c. c. t. v.
this is their kind of philosophy thinks this is because the whole place is heritage area
he deliberately built like this, he talked about his mirror that can be reflected to the surrounding heritage.
then some people say that it is very iconic and alien building. many people comment
it's very subjective.
i talked about the national library a few before.
for him, architect is designed by norman-froster.
then please finish his entire building entire city
it is invite, do you know? it is 1,000 invite world
the famous architects go to build every part and then combine up
so now architect is basically uh
one by one is consultant nice consultant.
it's no different from the outside marketing
if you look at discovery channel before, you should have it. you can take that kind of basic element.
why is this simple thing that is not called local local architects?
where is his intention or not, you can build that kind of k. i. a. a.
no petronas tower is sicile-pelly k. l. i. a.
he is already very old. he is almost seven or eighty years old. he built k. l. i. a.
he just told idea okay that i want to build in the forest
call the people below to build one by one, one by one, one by one, a firm and a firm. it looks like norman_froster
he is the largest principle. there are six design group design studio. there are twenty architects in a design studio
twenty architect twenty, then okay, project, i took it to you to design studio one, you go to do it.
this is not like this, if you do a few people who do a lot of claim over there are people on it.
to the reputation, it seems that he has a quiet thesis or my teachers are all my teachers
just look for the okay assign, which is very powerful in english. he gives him two thousand yuan a month
tell him to write thesis and then my topic my approach is these of them
now happy is very ahead, and finally thesis’s name is written by his name claim.
then every teacher for each teacher for apex university wants produce paper to reach that standard
team of the hospital
because one state one state okay
ah, at least the ten hospital includes private hospital
you can't go alone, the cover is over
usually we do not have cover pharmacy because pharmacy is our field
usually pharmacy is sell to consumer
but that plaster will be more advanced plaster okay
it's not like ordinary plaster we use every day okay
that plaster is good, it will be more advance
our handyplas have only one ordinary. cotton seems to be like cotton
but our plaster okay of this wound care is a special
because this plaster is a special foam, it is not done by it
ah, a special spone seems to be exudate, your wound okay
a cream okay because our wounds are almost good when our wounds are almost good
for the time being, we do not have a product that can be rese scar
it is ordinary scar, it seems that we are like girls and they have children
they have this scar okay and scar
it usually takes at least two months to have a little effect
but temporarily b-braun does not have this product
it does not completely remove but it will reduce it to reduce its scar
usually, you need to do it to the server
do the appointment first
because this specialist is usually very busy and busy
look at our sales rep
usually medi ~ medical assistant will be compared
then nursus
usually if you want to see him, you can go directly to see him. no problem does not need to be any appointment
but if she means matron, they say, they
this nurses head
you need to do the apointment because she will be very busy
usually when i go to see her
rare we need to do this to this nurses and doctors
usually we are restock
in fact, every year nurses or specialist, they all have this conference conference
ah, they have this credit point like a number or specialist they have credit point
for example, doctors maybe he wants to take a hundred hours
only can it be like advance to go to a level or the next year
come on the need to come and go this conference
they will go to study and go to attend that
usually our product does not need to do any research
in this hub
i'm sorry for normally our product okay will do it in three places
one in hong kong, one at the switzerland depends on product
for example, we use this, the most popular now is the hand disinfectant as if we wash your hands
the recomdyndation of that w. h. o.
i usually watch t. v. three
news at night
usually i look at entertainment's follow -up.
ah called iphone four
ah its disfrent is in its processor
ah it will have one more function is video conference
each one has different okay iphone four is a internet call okay
for example, you want to play, you want to play game, you have to play game
then you want to see you want to be net
its in ~ in ~ interface will be compared
special, more special, it will be more a little bitpricd to android
fast trend okay
but its interface will be compared to iphone
but both are different o. s. its differenting system is different
ah, google o. s.
because they claim that their o. s. will be faster than ordinary.
many people use this, google's o. s. compared to windows o. s. compared to symbian o. s.
their brand brand name, their brand is right because the brand is right
then there is motorola also existed
if you want to play game, i will recommend buying it
most of them also have free and also want to give money or give money
but when you play one by one, you can’t play one by one. you have to buy another new one.
yes, but their game only does not seem like this three d. animated it is compared with simple game
compared with complicated, there seems to be more like this role playing games
for those who have no motion sensing but iphone
but compared gets up in graphic
there is a new p. s. p. it is the p. p. p. p.
few people will buy it because there are not many disfferences
there is also an ipad from apple
it is also like iphone. only it cannot make this call
but it can be used as an e-book electronic book
because ipad seems to be that it just compares it like iphone.
you have to take a look at the photos and you can all be mo ~ it is also motion sensor
because this ipad will be its design more than this netbook so i think
ah, you can also type the word because it has a virtual keyboard
it has a virtual keyboard
there will be so in that screen in that screen, you can type at its screen
i have tried it because it is also very very well response.
but if you talk about microsoft word excel, what is okay? it has its third party software
some are download, but force this microsoft word should also have download
ah now we have this god of war
but most of us are focus on the cells
very similar to virus bacteria fungi and so on
i think lab is fun because we will use bacteria
it's like for example, the last semester
we have a micro bio
as far as we do something else, it seems that it looks at the bacteria in different species, so we probably look at which one is the simplest and most simple classification.
yes, right, the easiest is that we often use gram-positive and gram-negative
it is, we use one that is dye dye. after it is dye dye, we will see whether it is blue or red
this has something to do with the cell wall outside the cell
it is gram-positive
that is to say, there is a thick layer of cell wall outside it and then if it is red, it is
it will be more component
then we have ah pseudomonas staphylococccus. these are all harmless. it should be considered a lot of harmless.
i bought it, but it was frozen
then you have to cultivate and cultivate the type of incubator incubator.
need to wear lab coat
well, we should not be discovery because now we should be
learning technique is more important
in fact, what we do now is to uh, other universities or poly, they should also do the same thing because the main thing is that technique is to say that it is to say
how to use is the thing i just talked about the positive negative
how to use its stain is you to be sequence
then micro pipette incubator
then there is more time to getract
a lot of uh, my english has been from young from you,
my mother is hokkien, my father is teochew
i am not going to collectle, i go to poly
no poly for three years, we have been here for three years here for three years
the same bioscience is not an experience, but it may come here.
but theory wise i think a lot deep here is in depth a lot
hmm, i think i read bio. i have read bio. at that time, bio was actually not fun because it was very dry. the so -called very so -called dry all had to memorize it.
then when doing experiments, most of them make eggs with eggs and then plants plants and so on.
you watch the show and wait for them to talk about d. n. a. then stem cells and so on. i feel quite fun
then when you watch tv, they have a lot of documents
i feel that after i feel poly, i feel that i think this is very fun and i won't be bored. i feel very happy, especially the experiment.
um, now it is generally an experiment. hmmon is a three -hour right right, just do these things.
in fact, different modules have different things
well, it seems that we are doing virology now
is it um? what should virology say uh virus virus virus so?
we put these virus in that culture
then see what kind of environment it needs to survive as a culture
then its h. follow n. actually
which part of it is called h. which part is called n.
so h. one n. one is the part of h. it belongs to the first category n.
so we have the so -called h. five n.
in fact, there are many kinds so it is actually a large family of viruses. it is actually not new
it is just that it is because it is there there that there is a case where viruses the actual laying for a long time then after that then the out of the out of hygeine plants. ces or passing of the virus from maybe pigs animals to humans birdyes
um maybe in bird, but its n. one is easy to come to human’s
so as soon as it enters human, it will change the mutate variant similar to this, but there is actually a deep thing
but our teacher is touch and go touch and go
our immune system will produce antibodies and then these antibodies
well, when you first encountered it, he actually had no prememory in his body, so it must be ah create your immune system for your body to have that memory. y fights away that that
i am afraid of me, i am afraid that i will be afraid that i will be afraid that i will be afraid that they will say that the bigger the more selious, but i don’t know why i don’t know why i usually grow up.
even if it is in the science fire
just part of oranic is ah it is withtefrtilizers
it is not a virus or toxic substances to your body
there is indeed less is narrow double
but you have to say that organic is difficult to survive. most people choose to eat it.
it's s. s. those are experts
whether the tumor's tumor is reduced or prevent it
in fact, we have read that now it is called p. fifty three.
but the real mechanism
in fact, we are all very unclear because uh need to understand this subject very well, so we can read it before you can read papers. now it ’s a teacher. this is cancer marker.when you are still, you will find this paragraph d. n. a. the number of express is relatively high or similar. now we just read this right.
is it actually an asian people or a um is the western people because wistern people they got habit of drinking milk
almost why
east is not lactase, he has a lactose or a kind of sugar
then there is a kind of lactase in our body. it is act on this sugar breakdown this type of
the lactase in your body becomes lactase amount, it will actually decrease
will fall because he doesn't need it anymore, so it will fall, then you will suddenly drink milk, your lactose ingredients are too high, your body and you can't handle it
but for western people because they drink lac they drink milk
so they do not have the so -called lactose intolate
we will often get it because we weaned and then um, um, soy milk or event goat milk
there is actually no lactase in it
that's lactase intolerance
because there is not enough lactose in our stomach, lactase is not lactase
with it breakdown the lactose in the milk
it is a beneficial living bacteria yah i think is yogurt is lactamase or something like that.
it is called lactobacteria
what is related to lactase lactose is related to milk, so it is called lac lactase
so let's talk about it.
watch a movie to watch discovery and watch those things
it's not just science related, for example,
some things about history a long time ago, i also think there are fewer singapore.
the ferris wheel singapore's big ferris wheel is actually a good before singpore flyer, so i don’t remember it.
i remember but i think it is very interesting. singapore flyer is actually uh
it uses uh steel to support
but it may be big but not in singapore's big pair because singapore flyer singapore flyer is it has the biggest dialter if i am not wrong ya
at that time, it was quite sensational because it was night race for the first time
what is the special lights non-glaring, etc.
but i remember it was the big the big platform the biggest platform in all f.
every year after the new year, the so -called makeup art parade during the period of the new year of the lunar new year of the lunar new year.it's every time every time
just do cross -embroidery and so on.
cross -stitch is actually very simple to be cross
it is actually similar to graph paper on it
that is, graph paper is dots
your cross comes out of right over right, and some are right over left.
in fact, all you should do is one stroke like you go in straight line so you go say you need a food blue color so you do five five so if you do it this w ay your crosses are all in the nice sequence andyou miss out any
uh, it's okay, uh she will cook uh chinese food, she will cook it, um, normal home -cooked dishes should be so -called home -cooked dishes without fujian, uh
then some water chestnut
uh the horseshoe water chestnut horseshoe and break it together and break it together, then put it in that
i think it ’s like unstable with gloves
yes, then you do n’t know whether it is get rid?
just remove it without the other intert
in fact, there are really not many internet
most of the time is really watching tv.
but our a. u.
is this sem nineteen?
because we seem to be two a. u.
that range is there, many of us, many of us, there are few cores, uh elective
we have a lot of money
we have those clinic but
they are all private and the government will give them to livense
none of us is uh well known clinic for
well, is this in singapore? coatful* coatful* is the so -called so -called drying that is hot and cough, etc. only when you come to chinese medicine
we have s. s. s. well, i am a bioscience, what they call the so -called biometal science
but it takes five years to be double degree
now i take some course
it is s. p. reading
it is e. r. p. it is the enterprise and resource
it is i am major in that information science
i read in first year to read those as if java
i compare the things of programming
after that, second year is a thing that is more more on to database
then when third year is more more on to that website and programming
six department like this
then my one group will be relatively few, the department will be relatively few people
at most, it should be computer science
those enterprise
after that, first year and second year are learning those # etika #
actually, in fact, all of the eight choices in the six sub are not all of them want to want it.
because i used to tend to learn what is a little bit biology.
i just said that in the end, because i saw my own c. g. p. a.
i put it on, i also have the old teacher who has the education.
then i. t.
then it's i. t. there are more more
i originally had a few of my friends. i also wanted to choose multimedia
then, but my friend said that if it comes out, graphic's things are more difficult to find a job salary will be relatively low.
it's not my choice
i think i. t. if you read it, you are in front of your own knowledge.
after finding it, most of the time when i was looking for it, most of them had to have experience for about a year or two.
then i didn’t say i. t.
just my friend, brian, introduced me again, then read and read
its menu can be so much that you want scroll without knowing a few times before you can
then there is a bit of difficulty because it is too many functions
then sometimes you talk too fast, lecturer said too fast, sometimes you really can't keep up
it is a more inclined business
we will learn some of those logistic in it and how to go to the order's material
or something like raw material and other things
after that, i will learn something like programming.
actually, i think if it is first year first year, if you learn some basic i. t.
then second year should think that those things that are compared with # umum # are more unnecessary.
it becomes that he is more important. it seems that we have learned compare.
it should learn more if it is placed in second year
then one year after the aftermath of the next year is to do that thesis
in the one called apex
it was from holding's company
production uh, it's not that it seems to be from the company of saham saham
but i don’t know it very well that its product is not very clear
because we are doing i. t. department and then it rarely gives us know what the company is operating
on the first day, he talked about what rule could not do it and you couldn't do it.
then just sit there and then give us task
he seems to give us a form
then i asked us to make a system to come out like this
he has his own software oracle. they have their own interface
just say that he is going to turn it into that software s. a. p.
then all then it seems that some form is going to become that website.
he has it, but he is his website or introduce. his company's things
he said the share
there is one about system that seems to be complaint
then we are create's website and then follow their company's procedure
he is like going from the client
go to the words of client complaint
it will give his complaint email that message to that h. o. d. there is the department of head of department i. t.
then he will then head of department will put those complaint's message is analyze
just look at that staff to solve
no a. s. a. s. p.
because the latest is s. a. s. p. dot net
then i don't understand why its company is doing a. that. s. p.
some of my friends also come back penang
then there are some in k. l.
then i just listened to senior that the company that said there was good and then went to try to see
usually normal seems to be common class to have dharma class
then there are some things in camp
we are all in first year and second year.
after the class after class, i was very busy in the last year l. i.
a semester
then after the second year and third year are about eighteen
from penang
in the past, if you want to go directly to there, there are only a few of the bus.
and sometimes if you go to k. l. then sit again at k. t. m.
he takes
it seems to be when i was second year
and it seems that there are many things in management
there are a lot of things to ask assume
then sometimes there are a lot of things in predict
it's as if its company is going to produce something.
if the employees who can’t do it can do it, it will lose less.
then some if it is forecast as if it is predict said
many, many of those predit things forecast things
then he has used solve for three months to learn those soft skill
then there were only two or three weeks to learn the more theory that was e. r. p.
i have studied soft skill for three months in two months and three months.
so we still have to learn about e. r. p.
but it has already used it for about two months and two months and two months and two months.
then there is one month and one or two weeks of two weeks. programming
then there is a business english and business business english.
i just learned programming.
each of him will give us a score
he is based on our one
then there is a based on his time that some people like to be late for late
one is java
then there is another one that seems to be microsoft
it is because it is convenient for them to use the user who uses its software
one is java because java compares common
then the other is microsoft
but we will learn the microsoft a. s. p. dot net
not because of his time-table
he divided the time-table to us, he said that he learned this for us
my name is ling yan, this year, my name is lingyan, 19 years old
i am in h. s. s. read economics
very similar to like micro-economics macro-economocs
then there are learning statistics and the like
it is hypothetic hypothesis testing
it's macro economics
then learn like itest rate
then the government can implement policy like to make the economy more prosperous
then what influence these policy will have
those fiscal monetary policy
can't move our exchange rate
this is very important for us because we are econ ~ open economy
uh, i don't have project this semester
when i was a kid, there was no bomb now, but now i didn’t go to take exam.
just when programmer is
those flow ah of the entire camp
the entire camp flow and the like then do plan want to have any games in it
it's hero's female version
i love coquettish, i love act cute
then ella became their nanny because she
yan chengxu does not need a nanny ella to be the assistant of his good friend
then his good friend took ella to go
no sydney
because last time i went to m. o. e.
it's like exchange program
then then go to buddy's school
then they also have home economics and the like
but their kitchen
their kitchen's things are quite all
it is pots and pans everything, but their kitchen is in
students of five j. c.
it's each j. c. they will
it's either that this is each j.
um, but my buddy’s class has other other schools
how many people in my buddy are also in the exchange program
so there are other people who are j. c.
but i didn't participate in p. e. because at that time, i twisted to my feet
i have swim in that coast like this
lin junjie patted m. v. place of jiangnan m. v.
i can't get pin point
their egg pancake is delicious
i will call me buddy every day to buy it for me
my buddy's mother has to buy it for me
i love to drink their bubble tea
then you come back to eat and then look at ice crean, you are disgusted
but you see mcdonalds ice cream as small
just fog and look at those things like sulphur
they help us order
at that time, i ate a lot, because i twisted my feet at that time, i walked in shilin with crutches.
we are the same j. c. people to meet up together and then go to shilin together
it is very similar to the class for five cents in class and then ten minutes break
lecture is a large group of people together, but they are all
then the teacher will enter their class lecture. we need to go to tutorial ourselves.
they all have fixed classes
he is very similar to not put subtitles, but he wants them to use it
it looks like a british film, so they have accent
i have me buddy told me to help him do his homework
then they look like mark mark papers
then mark up like this
they will carry different definitions
just read that short article and read this word what can apply to context
because in english, how can they talk about
they can read the words in front and then look at the words behind and then the word try and guide
they have always been those who are quite basic, they have asked you like
do essay
or comprehension
the title of the teacher will be the title of analyse
because g. p. most of them are debate so
then you need some to take a stand
then he will highlight those important
it may be that he asked you to regarding like some social back
he g. essay he has
he divided into ten groups and then made us look like a pair and a pair.
then tell us to write int designory paragraph
then he was pinpoint, our mistakes
otherwise it is like hobbies
i don’t understand, i think hobbies is hard to say
it is why i like this why i like this
i don’t understand so i don’t write those hobbies every time
then we let us let our subscribe time magazine
i will read other people's esay
those who take a high score to read those essays to see him
at that time, when i asked me to help him work in class, he wanted to write
but he was a little strange in grammar, so i helped him change it once to help him change or the like
it's j. c. there is no chinese class
they are very similar to when scholars comes
for example, china's scholars so they
the teacher will help them give them a tuition lesson like
they should be difficult to cope
i think they can like cut down on the number of subjects they study
very similar to me, i feel now going to j. c. i went to college a lot from j.
but they still have on top of these
in physical, they also have history geography
but they want a lot of subjects so so
there will be c. c. a.
well, then there will
it's so much like red cross
at the beginning, there will be freshness, but when it comes to the third, i am quite boring and every time it is foot drill
then learn first aid
then nursing
that is, they will give you like
maybe real life scenaris, so you have to go
find a way to treat that person, then judge, assess, do you think you treat it right?
they will have like grading scheme and then they will have comments
but i didn’t go to me to go to him because he seemed to be more than seven o'clock. i went out with my friend
it's like our bugis street
it is our bugis street #ah lian #
there are small figurines that you can do you yourself, you can do your yourself
i went to take a ride myself from my buddy's home for the second time
night party
then i buddy
their party is very high
he is not performer, he is the things that help the background
we j. one
singapore j. j. c.
it should be that lecturr will arrange
if i want book on wednesday, he asked me to check the airline air t 4 how much money, how much money is all?
it is more expensive if last minute will be more expensive
because flying there is more than ten clocks, is there any?
what else is entertainment
because friendster, if you do n’t have latest ’s news family, you will have you.
seeing video for youtube seems to be that recently, i don't know if he is not wang lihong
after he had a concert then, he called westlife to come and go to youtube to find
you can’t see so in astro, you go to youtube to find you should find you
so then wang lihong's slang is also okay
i don't have favorite artist
i didn’t talk about appreciation.
it seems that people have said recently because my name is kim then. they said that you are like uh, you are malaysia's kim kardashian
no, she is asian mix and western
you go to google kim kardashian to see
it seems that the kind of puppet is about to break
it's not your type of her name, you can get it is kim kardashian k. a. r. d. s. i. n. something like that
i don’t know much about it. i am browse through like this. at least, i know that they will say that they will say that he has been angelina jolie
it seems that polictical news is also good
i heard that intel is not going to develop in penang
they have not invited someone to get in for a year
the first one is because we have sembahyang
our getting lazy
because vietnam now all their second language is english
they have third's language which is advantage and they will get
write made in china family accept
now you talk about made in china and they talk about cheap goods
if you go to buy that kind of banana republic's clothes, all of them are made in cambodia
not cheap for chi ~ china
yes, so this is a big news in business world
because uh, because i have my own travel. p. v. six's trailing
refrigrator in japan also put it i. p.
they have forgotten to turn off air-con on the other side.
because they did not get money
now we are stream we pay eight 18 eighteen per per month
if there is i. p. v. six, too much i. o.
we just make it as a mandate
however
they told government about okay, you want me, i, i give i. p. v. six i don’t want me. i. p. v. four.
because there are too many, they can't charge
now we probably have four million i. i. p. v. four addresses
but two million cannot be moved by located for research then
but if i. p. v. six is uncountable number
it is probably three point two times ten power thirty two
if so many, how is the distribute
there is i. phone four
because you want to be there u. s. tell your friend to buy a sim card
that's the trouble like my handphone. i call my friend in u. s.
if you are here, is it original?
because buying here is to be contract
i usually call 30 yuan a month
the first one, i fell and fell that i. phone twice
i ran away and fell twice.
i don't use restart
i went to try that nexus one or what is it?
every time you touch, you seem to let your energy go in so that your pressure must be greatly stronger
it can detect
but in term of touch screen, if you go
there are many things that can be obtained.
that android if concurrently, it will collapse
it cannot support more than five more things at the ame time
you can, but many magazine does not have recomdynd i. phone four
this is the thing of this parallel.
when i bought it, it was about 3,000 because i took thirty two gig
but my friend took it back to so cheaper
if it is for apple, it is okay
because thirty two gig, i can put a lot of video in, you know
you and that uncle auntie can't speak, generation gap so, you can take your i. phone to see what movie is like this
there is a problem, but for me, i will be disipline.
learn karat
i prefer shopping when no one
there is nothing to do, but i am going to help me mommy in the morning
yesterday i went to ponten, here i will go here at about three o'clock, so i go to see piranha
very beautiful should recomge
the scene i am most afraid is that there is someone who takes that person
very beautiful piranha
because it has no ending
no solution
but there should be piranha two
that solution is either to put that
that bomb is all below
all bomb died or they would take the entire water all fish withthout waternot live
they also want enjoy their summer break
but this fish should be given to them extinct like dinosaur
if there is really dinosaur, we can't cater them
because they are endangered item
in fact, they have extinct
because god knows that we can't live with them
he has him and he has three d.
actually, the receptionist asked me to think d. i still want ordinary then. i take the ordinary one because i think this
yesterday, i watched then at queensbay. he told me that there was three d.
no gurney has three d, but queensbay told me because my friend was doing there over there
there are a lot of ajinomoto and they are in it because they have expiry date so
they will put there a lot about that kind of preserve
i am very sensitive and ajinomoto
after eating that fingers and toenail can't be move
i'm going to get injecting
it’s not that i can’t eat it. if i eat it, i will not come to repeat when i know it is bad.
for allergy, i eat the fry hor-fun for a gear to become like this
he talks about ajinomoto, but what kind of brand or whatever he is talking about okay, you are going to foreign countries to test
there is no in malaysia
because i maybe my dad's gene's gene
go to hostal
too organic can not top it
eat that kind of oat oat every day
but what is not delicious like bigerm
is it to eat such a thing every day?
some stall i ate, i know that there is such a problem, i didn't go back there to eat there
it should be allergy that he is not suitable for me.
i don't know because the dotor is talking about ajinomoto
one is the doctor zawawi for the research
you are talking about how many people are under him
there are many studnts with him
that boy is also his student
i will do malacca kingdom so to travel
because there are value, if you want apply for grant, you want make sure. your research can beces a product
in fact, we compare focus on cultural preservice
he likes culture's things very much
i also like it very much.
it seems like a duta a ambassador walks in.
talk about that duta introdechace, where is duta?
there is a business so to do that crowd over there
how can they react
the real person is that the animation is real person
it seems that we have painted it is really a kind of careon sense
that motion we will call others help, we will detect his action
but we duplicate
with rule, give it follow
map in map
it should be the first is crowd simulation
that word-crowd can do a lot of things
because i also work with nav six workmanship so to collaborative and nav six
borrowing their myron then, put it in the simulation
if it is fast processing, then
several big crowds are not very clear because i will collaborative and andrew
he will do portion of it then, the two participation should be something
the larger product is like this
for apply grant, they must look at your output
that music has grant
because now i take that g. a.
take that money to go and go to my submit, my paper to putugal
the first part is the first job of after graduate
working in penang georgetown
at that time, i did the property agent
because it may have a one -month rental up to ten thousand or above
then there is a small office
then at that time, there was very little basic
our main income is our commission
i do very well. i do okay just because it is a girl so
that job is not very good because the boss is not good
how to learn is how you can learn how you learned every day with your manager until's office boys
that warehouse person communicate
because the work money is not very high, it has been done for less than half a year.
that work is very working time because i am a support australia new-zealand
then because i lived outside, my father did not like me to go out very early
after that, join has done the longest for agilent because it has been done for two years because it has been done for two years
i am a under order management japan
then we work time very flexible
there are office hours but then manager.
our job is order booking
it is to fill in those necessary's info and then make sure the order is book within the t. a. t.
in fact, the first part -time workers are all big.
you have to have shop lots bungalow terrace condo apartment flat
the most important thing is the demand of based on customer. we go to what he wants
go to meet their budget meet and their requirement
those houses are those data. we sometimes are mostly customer's own contact. we are owner
how big is to give us its demails then, we are in our data in our data
then we are the based on his unit selling price
that is, if it is rental, the one month from owner and then half a month from tenant
if it is that buy and sell, two percent from owner
of course it is based on our agreement
sometimes you sell a bungalow that price is very large
however, the usual business is based on rental.
the company takes seventy five
because i only did it for two months on that side, i just sold a condo
then my commission is from mostly is the rental of from shop lot
it is those so -called prosperous streets seem to be burma road julia street
this depends on your invest's purpose
purpose who is right is certainly making money the money, or
in fact, property is a long-term investment and it is also a risk of its certain certain
the house over there is demand
i mean has demand with market value because, there is a tourist area
because the rental i saw in those houses is at least 4,000 a month
those houses and the houses are not from hotel
those who come to rent are usually in malays ~ i live in penang for a while
i personally think that most of them are here that is the kind of retire
i don’t i mean, i won't divide it into whether. it has any
it is the facts of support supportive or any weakness
i am a thing that is outside the abroad that may be abroad.
it's just a place where prefer has the sun beach and sea water
i don’t feel that i will see that the beach will be very relaxing
basically, i like anything about japan
the place where i want to go to japan is to go to hokkaido hokkaido
there are lavender then and delicious chocolate
go to hokkaido from above
going to hokkaido actually has a cheaper way to go
turn to that flight to hokkaido
the entire cost is the entire journey cost
straight from malaysia to hokkaido
want to go to new zealand
this is to go to new zealand when i was in college. i really wanted to go
because in the second year of college, there was a program that was that student exchange program at that time.
because its currency and singapore are almost the same
at that time, it should be lower than singapore
i haven't done anything, what is study or research on new zealand
but relying on my imagery should be a lot of grass
what do you want to go to new zealand to see something?
in fact, the coverage who works at dell is very small
because they have a different time so on, uh, there is a different time so
actually, there was a customer in the call in before the log in
and there are few people in our hands less than ten people
but at least one hundred and fifty calls every day
if you go in and take a boat, you will see a lot of different little dolls, so it is divided into europe and asia and africa # bernua #
so you look at the different culture
they sing those robot singing
there is a cartoon of donald duck and mickey mouse
but it is thre d. not bad
i think you talk about avatar. i didn't even go to see two d.
i have seen that three d. the scene of the three d. many years ago, but i think it ’s very #autar #
you put that mirror on that mirror and didn't see any three d. some small things floating up.
it is talking about donald duck it to mickey mouse to open a concert. mickey mouse is called donald duck
go to help it, the music instrument is finished
after that, it seems that they are those music instrument # pakat # take it to the magic world like music in that magic world
because i watched that three d. i thought it was a lie
i heard that there is four d.
it's not three d. because when it opens that champagne, i can feel to that wind.
it it has it to have the taste of the taste.
it has a sense of taste and then its one. when it opens champagne, every time it spray like this, you will feel that it is really true
maybe it is to see different movie
you sit in cable car, don’t know how to pass a few mountains, you take cable car for more than half an hour, you know
there are two ways that you have to take cable car.
if you take a bus, you will take the mountain road cable car. you are directly across that mountain
a long time of its cable car
sitting on the cable car, i have been sitting and dying.
the buddha over there seems to be invisible. you really have to take a few mountains of the cable car. you will see it and you get the higher the higher the fog.
after that, i should go to shopping. nothing goes.
even it is too expensive to be terrible, although it is a little cheaper than malaysia
i went to taiwan shopping, but i felt very good to buy
it seems that you can buy a workman's blouse in taiwan, you can buy a piece of twenty and thirty yuan, you know
and you see, there are many shops on their underground railway in taiwan.
it can be from the entire row from the entire row from the one station to another station.
i think the underground rail on the underground rail over the underground is very small
i don’t know if it may be that hong kong people do n’t like to sit or how it does m. r. t. station.
it's pretty expensive, i think hong kong if you really want to go to shopping, i think taiwan is better shopping
there are a few stores, but they are also after discount
because i went to may, there seems to be no sales
there was no sales in may, but last year i went to taiwan with sales mother day sales
its skin care sales is very cheap.
fifty masks were originally 500 yuan, which is very expensive mask to fifty pieces of one hundred and five pieces.
buy mask, buy a lot of piles back
yes, you know to buy the same mask five dollars in malaysia, you know i bought two dollars over there, ppl, you know
you have to put more food compare to those mask okay, which are more expensive, we will talk about a piece of s. k. two.
these cheap masks because my friend is a cosmetic master, she said that the cheap and expensive mask is almost the same.
you go to buy cheap mask.
it may just mean that you want more food but if you buy a piece of s. k. two, you can put it one week for a week
but the problem is that a piece of thirty or forty is good. i can buy it. i can buy let say. i want to tell a piece of forty pieces. i can buy 20 pieces. you know
no us sitting a. a. without us sitting tiger airway
i didn't have any days i was going to get on air asia.
there is no way to look at the tiger way cathay pacific at that time there seemed to be nothing without promotion. it seems that it seems
including accommodation, the problem is that it is a bit of three days and two nights. i think i think
so the cathay pacific, the particular of the particular package
it can’t be extended to be three days and two nights.
so in the end, i had to get two offer actually.
i am listening to me husband's two thousands and three
that is for you to live in disneyland in one night, but it ’s so expensive, but it’ s better to take the tiger way tiger airway
so penang singapore singapore hong-kong
wonton noodles are still okay but it's very expensive
i exclude hong-kong food, i don’t know why
i don’t like compare to foreign pigs.
i eat its snacks and the mango pudding is good
i didn’t go to australia to new zealand
it has south island and north island. i go to south island
its south island, i go to two-third
from christchurch christchurch to go to dunetin and go to its mount cook mount tasmania
and those fox glacier fox glacier
yes, it is that trip and self-driving, we rent a car by ourselves
well, look at the map because the highway on the other side is easy
in fact, my dad is older. he said k. l. and johore was more complicated.
and they are going to come to us. it ’s quite troublesome.
uh, he said, uh ipoh, uh penang's road, he will go more
he uh so i only have only when i fill in that choice
that choice is only one i can choose
without me, i can just choose u. s. m.
i have surpassed me.
uh two of the same thing, but he didn't give me him third choice
okay
at that time, i was thinking about it.
i am playing myself. i said that i must go to college because form five my malay is
i can't enter form six without credit's so
i want to read form six then, and fortunately, there is one in ipoh
private and private seems to be like, so this is just
it has read those who have no credit for form six
in the first year i have taken credit, when i retake, i already got credit.
i can apply for the school of government
because the school in my middle school is just right
that year, it started to have form six reading
mine, i read that private learning high school.
it is the so i must get it.
five subjects include that computer so
it is because of that computer i will fill in the computer science, otherwise, i would not choose to enter this field
no p. a. maths and then
and m. u. e. t. that
called m. h. s. methodist high school
i discussed with my family that he said that if you want to read the private then, you can’t tuue
because if you read the government, your tutoring is almost a hundred hundred
for more than a hundred and i say okay, i will wait, i don’t want to tuue
because my sister said she has experience more
i am the difference between my third sister for four years.
it's because my little brother is now standard three
standard three
always want a boy, do you know?
although you live in penang, you ask me those roads on town area
i don’t understand because i am what penang road is
i don’t understand uh, i have been to but then, you ask me the exact road
you give me an address and ask me where i am, i don’t understand
my weekend is working, but i mean is doing my project
in fact, after the republican school passed, you are going to go in supertanker.
just next to the main road main road
actually, there are many many blocks
you see because there is a block
it's better, it is like apartment.
i don’t understand where she is.
at that time, the seven people were but was originally a house of eight people
i haven't participated in that bills, those bills
uh my family, my dad, and then i have to buy those clothes for myself, those for reading are just normal t. shirt.
compare clothes that are a bit of formal
and you know that your work money is so much, you will always eat and eat i mean, you will not say that you will not say that there is a kind of planning uh or uh, you want
uh, so for me, this month i want to be because i do n’t have a process, i don’t have a car, no car, no house.
for then money, it is just a flower
without me, watch online watching some information or i have bought those magazine to see this
without me, i will watch newspapers every day
buy a copy and take a look at it and throw it up there, so that then then, you will watch the newspaper the newspaper that if you see forum or what is it.
i used to have i mean middle school.
english book uh, uh, my text book is available
you said it seemed like that english magazine or the kind of novel in english
it is all chinese i mean.
there is also the kind of keep fit, for example, because i started to increase so because my age also started to increase so. we want
i also want keep to you know that now because of your age, you will see what you are around
different diseases of cancer. you want to eat better for healthy
i used to have two or three days a week before i had fast food
i am very fat than now fat ten k. g.
she has always been keep on scolding me. she said that you are not for your own outlook. you have to do this for your own health.
so i uh, at that time, when i did n’t exercise, i did n’t exercise and came back for a day when i came back. i bought k. f. c.
uh, i didn’t say what yoga class aerobic class then was looking for those yoga class aerobic class.
you know because you want you to keep fit, you want to exercise, you are
uh, how can you say that you want to keep on on your keep on, you can't say that you go twice a week or three times, you will be very lazy and lazy, you will not keep on doing this
uh, i just
i went to ask me a lot.
back here, because my kep is relatively healthy, i don’t eat anything. fast food anymore
i went to do gym almost every day when u. s. m. gym did not need money.
at that time, i had me to have try. i went with my friend to play badminton
uh, booking but okay still okay is because u. s. m. there are six court still okay still can book
if he doesn't go, i can't participate in them.
compared with flexible, i can then, i do
because you want to make money like playing badminton book court
will it sit like bicycle sit over there and step on and then there is another
they said it seems that sky list sky link is still moving with hands and feet
i don’t understand what the name of that machine
same c. c. a to me
then we are basically just plan a orientation camp for those files to come in and play like this.
i am the one who cares about money, i don’t understand treasurer, i don’t understand what chinese is called in chinese
then funding is not what i am looking for those business manager. then i just care about money and then plan budget.
it is about 300 as in last year.
i just because i now year one, i also participated in i paid 50 yuan last year, but i heard that the starting price this year is because i can’t live in school, so we are looking for a place outside.
on the first day of last year, it was tour n. t. u. i kept going n. t. u.
then the next day, amazing race seems to be like running the whole of singapore
on the fourth day, there is nothing to go to at night, so go to the restaurant to eat like this
then there are two groups and two groups to play a game together like that
fortunately, you will be sunburn.
july this year
it's as if you may have to spend a lot of things like balloon when you play games.
i have nothing i am lazy, just damn lazy
four four four five four five yah
you hid in the room to read a little book or what was ten o'clock, someone started the like you want to go and eat support
people started to come out. you can't sleep early to go to bed early.
i am chemical engineering
my hall my hall's hall's sports and cheerleading are good. we sports this year takes overald plastic. so now i have a gold medal and silver in my roommedal
i like my hall very much
when you choose not to choose, you can enter n. t. u. he asked you if you want to apply hostel, and then you choose if you choose or then.
no one went there because no one went there, so we are very bonded
it seems that you go to the support match. every time you see it, you can see those few faces ah. those hundreds of faces are # liao # ah
there is no just, so we seem to be because some of our people have driving and then a person who has a large van on the big van
then go to almost ten people to eat like this at a time, and go outside or go outside or go to other canteen to eat yah
i also go to pioneer m.
that chicken wing is delicious, but it is fat and fried.
deer deserved, i want to lose weight desperately.
i am that flyer, i am the one on the top
have you seen my hall, do you don’t understand which one is still your my hall is the one?
all the cowboy of jay chou's song came
the practice until the half -death was scolded and scolded and the entire entire december holiday must be practiced. we have to practice almost every night.
no starting seems to be like starting of the seeming of the academic year.
i remember when starting just started, you want to try you to adapt to that high height then, he will
then it seems that there is a back flip ah back tuck that jumps up and then turns backwards backwards
i remember that i was just beginning that i asked me to lie on the floor and then like get used to the spey
i have to practice for a long time.
i only succeeded twice because we once worshiped in three games and worshiped. let ’s show it to hall to show them a performance
i only have to worship and worship three or two times. i have succeeded in the end. i have failed to fail.
no one is not that is not cheerleading hit the but but because i rushed to check up, so i hit it and then hit the head injury
i was so serious because i did n’t go to training. when i went back to training for the first time, i twisted my feet.
my right foot and then i still twisted to as in that day or pain.
but casually wins # liao #worth it never mind
so all those seniors hope that we can take three years in a row for three consecutive years. if you do n’t understand, you can get it if you ca n’t get it.
we were just looking for instructor
that is senior senior choreography, we first, we want to think first
think of the theme then after that, and then we want to see which stunts are very successful.
i didn't first find the music to find the meme, and then find the music to fin the theme, and then put that i don't understand. i will pass it. this is our secret
that is mascot mascot because cheerleading does not understand that they want them to be a mascot thenen, our theme is cowboy and wild west west?
that's my senior design, i don’t understand how he chose it. i think that color is bad.
as we blend in to the max # leh # as if you look far away, you can't see people like things
it is strange because we blend in to the max and then we take champion then for dance we wearing red the black in to the background.
damn bad yah why, who did n’t read home to go home and went home to study, i want to read books if i want to read, otherwise my mother will not let me live in hall
i am like i got alot of friends in hall. i have no friends in course. as in i. i am better than my hall.
it depends on where you are attachment. where is my?
i don’t understand this until i waited until year three. i only understand that i only know that i have the indertier attachment.
not kallang airport
near paya-lebar paya-lebar aljunied and kallang
pay right singapore post office
i have n’t been cold there for a long time. i haven't gone for a long time. i have n’t been to jurong-point.
i have no me to go over there n. t. u. c. no more
go to n. t.
upstairs, we all go to the twenty four hour
uh, i went to thailand ten times with my family. then in july, i was going to thailand in july. i went to thailand with hall.
let's do that overseas c.
go to hall, july, i have been to australia twice
every day i went to bangkok every time bangkok but to go with hall to go to a place with # ulu # # ulu # %china-rai %
all things are very cheap and cheap, but he can't last that long, just yah not so durable
nothing to buy, because i am not the kind of shopping kind, i am super girl.
i don't like shopping, i think it is a waste of money
i think thailand has been going for a long time, i have nothing i think thailand, you have to go with friends to go more fun
because my me, i have a brother and my brother. i have a younger brother. my pares and my brother are the kind of people who eat more and i am not the kind of food.
at that time, i and my big class relatives went
there are a lot of like, almost four of my relatives then, we go there to play there, but there is something to play, but it is very expensive there.
everything is expensive there is also expensive and expensive, and it is expensive to play damn expensive
over there over there, fortunately, unless you know that kind of surfing, we go to theme park to play
there is also the kind of movie world sea world dream world, the kind of rudes who goes to play with him because the kindapore escape theme party that is not found in singapore is bad
very unwavering singapore, i know, go there to play there
because the right is very close, and then our airport is in brisbane, we go to brisbane before going to gold coast
without we only went to theme park, i went to the mine park for three days and three days after four days and five days after three days.
japan go to hokkaido hokkaido
it's not winter i think, it is like slightly after summer because like is a bit cold actually. japan is cold.
no because my parents are going to me, i will use their money to go abroad. otherwise, i can't go to such a expensive place myself.
follow group because of our first place we will go with group, otherwise we will not go
i ca n’t eat it very spicy, i like to eat japanese food, i like japanese food, japanese food is my favourite
just that standard sakae-sushi, i have been to kushinbo%
there is a street downstairs in jurong-point
he has a crab, it buffet has a crab
very expensive because his things are very expensive.
the sashimi on the other side is very fresh, so i always eat sashimi
to him is japanese
i went there without jurong-point. now there are a lot of fresh seafood, so i will wait there and wait for you to get it to eat.
there is that kind of noodles, a small bowl a little bit, and then the soba and then
he has a dessert corner then, and many of the seafood.
then he is expensive on seafood and sashimi
uh, it is not fry, he is the kind of fresh
i don’t understand how they cook their fresh. it seems that it seems that by right should be raw but its not raw
different they seem to have some package. one is that you eat it for an hour. she only gives you like you. if you go in for an hour, the one who comes out for an hour is quite cheap.
now five main four main course and then elective
the programming they read is just doing c. plus plus. ah
it's hard to do that, my head hurts my head. i was just submit. assignment i was on my submit. i also have one more last one.
i have been my cheerleading alone
i did n’t read it all month, because you cheer, you travel, i went back to be tired at night # liao # then i have been sleeping in class
the entire performance is six minutes
we are every time we decide storyline.
you know how your story is going to go, how can you go, you can find the suitable music to match the different scenarios
i have practiced every night i didn’t study.
calling then is okay go watch movie like yah
unless it is cartoon, i like to watch cartoon
what i cave is watching, i still watch cartoon for twenty at this age
i am twenty yah at the end of my year
look at everything, so i am still watching pokemon
he said what you did.
right why not look good okay what
yah
because when i was in starting, i was trying to read chemical engineering or accountance
because i listened to people talking about chemical engineering's work money will be better. accountancy is not so fast, and you know chemical engineer. if you graduate, starting pay can be more than 2,000 and three thousand.
then i seem to be more likely to enter chemical engineering. i choose chemical engineering
i really regret that i should read accountability at first
because i like chemistry very much, i realise that cheating engineering actually has no chemistry
what kind of mechanism what thermo dynamics flow dynamics is so stuffy to half dead
i only actually i think. after reading it, i only know that my interest lie is in accountance because of my friend take elective.
i see their notes, i will do their homework
because they are accounting as balancing of money.
from the age of thirteen from me to the current treasurer, i am a treasurer every year. i am very used to it.
i really like to do treasurer. if you are interested, it is easy to read as if my friend is interested in chemical engineering
but you enter n. t. u. you want transfer count. they see g p a. they don’t look at a level results.
after reading chem engine, then go out and find a job first, and then take one more degree on the outside
fortunately, he is actually a lot of people, and they are all semi -work and half -reading before continuing improve themslves one
almost this chemical engineering is pretty pretty
he is quite even, not like other course like electrical engineering
more with yah mechanical engineering
it's all to eat all to eat the transport station.
without hall, use other other scheme to pay the money
the kind of scheme buckled with that kind of bank account
each semester is still once every six months.
my volleyball wants to hit softball to hit the captain ball to play touch ball to play basketball network. what ball?
i'm more easy to move compared with active yah
i just have chio. i am at the secondary school and many sports inf
i'm so stuffy, i'm really stuffy, i can't stand there, so i have always opened my mouth and sang singing sing only
you can sing a lot of languages. you sing. you don’t understand what you are singing and it seems that you sing you singing french you sing german you understand what they are talking about you just look at that word you then read and sing.
he has english spelling in english, he can sing liao in english with english
i casually come, i don’t know if i don’t like choir thenen, i am back, i returned, i returned, and i join sports
there is just to go there with the school to go there to perform this game there
no choir will go abroad. you want to see where the year of the year was held in italy and then
i was beface i was in germany that year
there are subsidy but then still want to pay yourself, and pay yourself a mount of money.
if you are good enough, you will enter finals
then you want to practice you because you seem to be in singapore to run to itay. the get used to that jet lag the time differente also so you must adapt to time early and then you have to adapt to the weather conditions over there because you are super cold and not.understand what you want to sing
because my friend is the president then there, she is join join. ok gives her face and change the environment.
i am all my quit n. t. u. team
because i have my hall's communitynt, i was very high.
i originally planned to continue next year, but because i had hall, i asked me
just draw that sampan’s canoe canoe boat and then play with polo ball
it's like water polo, but water polo uses hands and swimming the canoe polo to use canoe and ball
there are more things without me are join hall
which hashl
i don't seem to know that i think i will do it with engineer.
looking at the industrial attachment, my senior told me to tell me
there is no office seven pieces because they go to the kind of miscellaneous worker like it seems to go there, type type type type type
or go there photocopy photocopy photocopy, just six or seven pieces, just do you want to do that kind of thing.
or you are going to be the more rich company. it seems that i have a friend. she is helping a company. i just earn ten for one hour.
we play like this screen every day, which may be compensated.
they are very time to work on then, and they are willing to be o. t
look at office
i don't understand why it doesn't seem to be that kind of popular bookstore.
so those who may be that middle school students are waiting for j. c, you will not do that kind of work after graduating
i am doing office
sometimes i want to work in a holiday workmanship because there is a f. o. c to control
i can't work in two f. o.
after graduating, i should go to read accounting again. it may just be just not taking a honours cert just to read a little outside
so that i can enter that field easier
maybe you don't take uni cert that it's easy to find a job but so easily
my friend told me that his sister was like this. his sister didn’t understand which department engine seemed to be aerospace
if there is no, please come to my house to eat and talk about going outside for dinner.
twelve pieces do not know that the difference between the twenty is far from at least the five -year -old.
i don't care if my mother doesn't care if she knows that i have no topic to talk to them, she hid me in the room and someone came out to go out to have a red envelope to get a red envelope.
my parents is buddhist then by right. i have nothing to get with me.
i didn’t really go to go into the religion, but what they christmas party party party, i have all there
it ’s just that every time you have a walk up to the front accept god, i do n’t go to walk up to the front.
at that time, we had nothing to do at hall.
no thing, you live in hall, you will do such a very strange thing.
we did not personally wearing orange and black that day
when the people, they will come to include things.
because you are at school at school, you are at hall's high profile, everyone knows who you are, but he doesn’t know you
it may be a t.v. lounge or because it is usually on t.v. lounge or stone table
good okay
i don't know what to take
i haven't touched different engineering yet
there is not a lot of our options
his course
actually initially
i already want to take engineering in uni
actually i think graduate for an engineer graduate
no fixed route is yet
there are many engineers they are also graduate.
she after that is now she is working in a bank
she is in bank she is
actually, he is considered a full time worker, so
yes, depend on where the passion is
actually when the teacher is very similar to stressful
there will be stress
middle school students should compare sensible
there is a lot of things in a little bit
i should plan to teach maths and science
it's a difficult as we go higher
actually, i don't have any hobby just i just i
seeing some people playing with computer games but
the song is nice. i would try and look for the score
it's i think it's hard to learn, but
if organic i think i will want to go overseas exchaange
is a good experience
you gigi didn't plan to go
i have a senior he just gone
yes, i thought that then is in asia
that city life should also be almost so maybe if i go to like some western country the experience
if you go to exchange i think
i don’t choose such a country because i don’t want to spend too much money on exchange
play or no is not just study i think, but also
i will hear which song is better to listen to.
two sisters
one bigger than me
she is mechanical engineer
continue to pursue her studies
i will not be interested in the time if i will see it
is the instrument that few people know
if you stand up, half your height at least
a module of band
because their people are seniors then
they are already in that band
that module so i think the channels of me getting in is not high because they are not enough
in fact
so around average
in fact, sometimes late but
earlier, otherwise it will be at least reach on time
last time i used to myself also quite late
the previous december holiday
they are all in hall
because hall has a lot of activities
it's a long time so i might take up.
you mention now
it should be can continue to do canvassing
i like hall life
the school is also quite okay
that speed will be pretty good so as a result
you have to find a balance
to handle hall ~ hall's things and schools
actually, i don't know if there is any hall polics because
there are some people unhappy with each other
in fact, this year hall three is quite strong
they have a lot of gold medal
if you want to get rec champ, it is quite difficult. i think hall three will get it
if that's so well
there are many c.
not to three
so it is first sem
this sem taking psychology
it should be a very difficult although now i haven't seen it yet
for me, i have drop living with mathematics
so this sem only has psychology
speed how much time to do it
i also so think so
there are many things in the because of the pretentation
the pretty good professors are what we usually see what they do
i think at home, i will speak mainly english
in the past, my favourite subject was maths
there are econs actually in uni i also did econs in the first elective
actually it is very increasogical
i don't know what they think of like the atoms molecules and these kind of structure
recently i. h. g. there are many hall matches
do a bit of homework then after that
i don't agree with eat on train
actually i think
they i think
want to topally present, because if
what is his insect?
they are so too excitedly
there is no choice
the quite true talked about
there are many objects behind them in the back
fortunately
i'm afraid i will overlookay
it looks like animation
this weekend
we d. and d. #karang guni #
we are with hexis together
without i think, they need a lot of manpower.
because for me i will
i am a hall activities
not good for studies
there is no allocate a lot of time for it
sometimes they are still convening
it should be almost
but i can't find friends with me
the pretty hardness is
your will find out nature is
there is nothing to think about going to u. s.
i also think it will be quite a good experience
also look at the world of the different parts of the world
so sometimes i don't want to find girlfriend
see my life so scream up
it's cannot
there are a lot of disability
this person is very random
there are a lot of them watching bookay
when i was young
their introduce ice cream into me then
i still think that the one who is full of neutral is fortunately ice cream
i think i think will compare
most important is the people in there
we are his hall then
some people have a lot of friends but how many in friendster or facebookay
don't care about politics
if it is n. b. s.
it is sub-com sub-com sub-com
they are only consider that
it is very similar to without account
that main committee then will be relatively high
i think not very unless it is unless
i love speaking very much, it is earlier
to then
there are very few activities on the outside
before arme
only weekend only goes home when i live in hall
foreigner they will say
sometimes there is a little stressful but
if you go to other countries, you still need adapt again
will need a little time
not no
o. g.
he is also nanyang
many people of n. y.
i used to be study
i used to be study
i and my former school was uh yishun j. c. and clementi town secondary school
i am y. j.
because my dad is also mechanical engineer
he is a company in jurong-island
i changed to semester two and told you confirm and changed it.
just go to that uh m. a. e.
there are many people i know because for y. o. g.
i'm still looking for part time
only china
apply together
my holiday is train these days
because i jump more than two hundred and thirty, i always take care every time
you can have to meet the means that means the rign right need to train also can get five points one
i haven't taken gold
i am one meter plus as soon as i span
it is n. f. a. a. test in school, right?
i don't have clear yet
i then i
can't i think because i'm lazy
drink milk and milk for okay okay
i want drink milk
my mixture
i talk to my mother chinese i talk to my dad in english that is why mix
waiting to go to n. u. s.
he i don't know much like mechanical engineering
without my sister, i am the biggest okay
not but i can
my sister is now singapore polytechinicurrently standing chemical engineering
what business
or it is such a thing of accountability
my maths have always been okay okay one
you can take a.
he is also me and i know if you have one of the friend and whether
i didn't tell you the special term
i have been to taiwan, indonesia thailand malaysia
there is the kind of free and easy to go to taiwan
without plan, you want to look at the ability of my friends
taiwan should be able to meet
go to many places i think tammei ximending taipei
coincident
without me, i didn't plan to go to instep
if you go to g. p. you
it's busy enough, you still want you to go abroad to instep
you have to go to instep
my results is not very good
really, now i think primary school teachers still remember who i am
you are 比较 i am more quiet. i
so it's better to train every time i am quite good
i am mixture for badminton
i was able to do prefect because of the organic because the whole class, vote, i do the prefect but. i don’t have it.
i'm not shy, i think it is very prefect # sian # standing there every day.
it's like super hate prefect without okay
fortunately, secondary school me
i think make quite a lot of nice friends there
have i told you? what is it? c. c. a.
i'm like him c. c. a.
i am chinese orchestra
quitkative
i'm shy, i'm really shy. what
he describe that movie
you can talk about it, right, right to just treat this as normal conversation need to keep talking one right
i don’t know what gossip
i can tell you if there is censor
i think you should understand you know
who has something to tell you that there is conflict
i heard it, i think not catchy
i think his now is really a little cannot make it
there are heroic songs and okay
jay chou jay chou, he won't buy, so i will buy that is why
she is so many c. d.
you can't right
i'm not i have a stay in her as in year one
i am the three -month -old one semester
i don't have apply hall, but my friend lets me live
uh, don't know but okay, his people are pretty good
i am mix around with them
talking about hall
no not enough points what because i i have a year one.
live in if given a change right i would apply for hall
just wait for programmers to their activities night
maybe today there will be a little fierce tomorrow or what then.
without like, what are you responsible for you?
without us, can you go to that local?
have i have to go
i think it's pretty fun okay
is your plan’s? is it
i guess you are plan's games, is it
your partner should be
i don't want to talk well
that say your voice you voice is not like this
so i am not super low, look at it
to of course
very sad
you don't need spy, i understand
i also want but to get my parents' level
can't do this, i can't do that in the end, what can they do?
i want many kinds
can no problemm
if you don't understand, you think australia australia has right
it seems that i think why they
he may be safety wise because
as a result i think, i don’t know what happened
every time i have been talking about exercise in the end
we w. and l. okay we talk about something interesting
his charter is pretty okay.
the last time last time i was a make minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor mistake
it's not very dangerous, it's just horn
fortunately, i think boys should be spend most of the time exercising
skinny yes are skinny
what is your design boy height
okay what most boys are more than one seven
i won't be as young as that man feels young and okay
wanting is shorter than you oops
if you do n’t have you, you have to speak that is why. i can speak right.
what do you want me to say, do you want me to talk about speech day
i said i want to learn piano or learn new or during this holiday
no miss the course registration period that is why
ask what question
are you early bird? #wah-lau #
i have no prepare
i c. a. the grades are pretty good
my h. w. technical communication okay a. minus
nice my tech com
so i am all of us to destroy fabricate casually
so it's not really going to do that experiment. we are just
we find his information online online, we modify a little bit
it is i forgot what we dig
just put that toilet paper on that cup
uh, i used to be from nanyang j. c. the secondary school was zhong-hua secondary
uh, i have change c. c. a. like primary school is
i used to be librarian because i don’t know what join wants c. c. a. then my mother said
you go to join librarian to read a little more story book, i will read it
i just do librarian then after that
i just have a club becape my friend that i was a child.
primary school, i will be join art club
i am art niche students that means. i entered my middle school by painting
is art niche so so
yes, it is art niche student so forced to join art club for four years lor
and the like guest-of-honour, their gift is also so more of a # sai-kang # warrior.
i didn't do anything, then
just art club but then for my
my editing is not good as in, i rarely do editing. i am more of the filming
otherwise, it is not uniform, so i probably know a little bit
what kind of equipment
there is the kind of real used for movie that we really are really not a school
the big one is not that handset video, so it will be clear but then
so quite quite interesting becape
my c. c. a. many internahes
i think she had to retain so i felt quite bad
i find it wering becape becape he never information us like at all
because okay i only take two-one twenty-one a. u.s
my first two time right i fail within the first five minutes
there is no becausemy results too good, so uh, there is no way to get
uh, i prefer to paint.
because uf i am free i will just draw painting and the like
uh, it is designed in general.
need uh, help people help design posts that will just help out lend a hand or two
after middle school, j. c. j.
it's busy, so really free to
ordinary painting or so on on lecturenotes is not that kind
at the end of the year, there are such large events
then they orientation camp or uh student council needs
some uh decorants and the like, because if they are posters, they will have price like professional
seeing people will be more good then okay professional then can look for it
uh, it's not just poster because uh recently
in this era, you may not be paying attention to putting the poster people, so it will be uh, for example, to say
do some uh hang hanging mobile
they use recycled materials, for example, to use cardboards
then cut out a shape and then do some decorations on it, or put more layers to make it look like the d.
then the decade after that is haun
er compares like a like a publicity but not
it's not very fermal, just look at it, it's not very serious, just watch the eh looks fun.
then they also have many different types of publicity because
because frankly you, the publicity of the orientation camp's publicity is usually not a postters and a brochures.
for different types of to show that, we are we want you all to have fun
come here, there is nothing to do so ya or the like
for example, because they usually have some of the orientation camp, there are some uh, so there are all those games all have stories
uh the story, they will tell you before, okay one upon a time blah blah bah
then uh, it is necessary to act, or if you take it, there will be that kind of prop, so just
sometimes i tell them what to do with them. for example, uh.
for example, i. t. fair, the remaining cardboard of cardboard
there are many more men's writing more beautiful handwriting
then they will ask me to write some words, such as draw some block woods or decade some words.
calligraphy won't, i don't have me, but i just wrote by normal handwriting
although many people talk
when i had time, i wrote ya and he wrote it more neatly.
he told me this story, so all the cambridge examiner are marking the painr in winter
in winter, mark's paper is very tired and i really want to sleep and then you write that word. if you are very beautiful, if you look at it, you can forget to give you points. so you
you don't have to write very. you don't have to write very nice but the focus is
he talks about okay you handwriting beauty. it doesn't matter see you go and travel to write fast
then i slowly wrote from exam. it was beautiful to write from the first half an hour in the first half of my paper.
his notes's own notes wrote and wrote
when you read it, you will be more energetic when you read it yourself.
uh, i don’t know this because we have learned in year one.
it has not really done that engineering, for example, design
yesterday's lab session is a sketching
to design a hostel room interior
it just depends on what furniture to put in it. for example, if you want to put sofa, you need to put caffet to be coffee table.
more mat mat mathematics we only learn
compare with free hand, for example, it is not clear how big this sofa is.
probably take a look at okay this problem
but for them because their mathematics are all accurate even their right angles are required
take a thing to draw, but our sketching is
how to draw a ruler more ruler slide okay right angle
uh this year, but i think because i have senior, i am reading mechanical engineering and then
uh, when he saw him last week, he took a sketch
there is a sketch of a. three size in its file and then that sketch is
because usually our graph from j. c. is the graph paper or what paper is both singled line or squared line or square
but his sketching paper has triangle
therefore
not very like a round feeling, because when you paint three d.
total on the big picture it must look looke the actual like but
there is a strange looks a bit strange the problem
his decoration is that it looks fun.
i also participate in some commonteee this year.
you need to go to photoshop to get a little photo from the internet
then crop out then becomes a more beautiful poster then, who take it to print or flyer or the like
then a. four size usually sticks directly next to the elevator lift
it is writing it as display board has a time table for event happy
then the board is a. one size, so it is quite big, then put on a a. frame on a easel to the public public to take a look at that
i haven't been because of okay recently, i am in a committee organising competition
it is the preliminary race scape theme on scape youth park
opposite scape is opposite to orchard road, and then
without this event is public ya, you can go public to see it, but you need to participate in the hhone
all those games are held in public areas
uh, prape youth park can come over and sit down to see the performance
uh okay, the website is w. w. w. dot humz out dotco
for the middle there is a z. dot com
then we will always be update.
when we have a final to us
is that finals in may or in may
then the grand champion can be in y. o. g.
just as the participation and last year are artid the same
not clear y. o. g. because
just do nothing if you have nothing to do
then there is nothing to do with okay, just look at it
just raf surf so so
his wife cried at that conference and then i started to check for updates from that video.
in terms of it, i think this is no excuse. he has always said. excuses is all from excuses.
usually this kind of this end then then you have a lot of excuses but
the issue wandering is that he has not made a lot of movies recently.
it seems that i was sitting in jail. i saw his poster in jurong-point just now.
at this time when he has this kind of issue going on is the most # suay #, i don’t understand him
will that box office be affected?
just find he broght it upon himseelf so
japan's culture is interested
overall on general has follow
just like to follow its recent news.
no animation, i didn't look at the kind of long life, i just look at it
i only selectively i only chooose some anime to watch i only choose those that are
for example, 14 episode is still more than 20 episode and then uh
just wait for it to finish all.
wait a bit at a time boring going to happy next going to happen next i know
just looking at humour humour genre
no uh because i just came to eat, i came to eat at jurong point, and i was almost ate.
at 2:45 about two forty five then, my friend just now, he told me i thought you get survey
i have i got survey and then we rush in with bus
so he took me in this building to tell me which room or the like
its language is also the language of the language, and then its etiquette
i didn’t want to go to air tick is so exitnsive.
but if uh if you stay longer than a few days you have to apply for visa
nothing to malaysia
then when army goes to thailand and taiwan
i am lucky when i was in army
then when i was june, i went to taiwan for exercise for a month
then after that, uh just happened in some things and then twenty -zero
i did n’t go to taiwan first, and then i went to taiwan first and then went to 08th.
so i am not at home for two months. my mother my missed me bit but
directly send it to taiwan directly from thailand
wear the remaining clothes so yah but its a good experience
because becau when people go thailand they alway alway, what is this famous place such as bangkok
it's just that you go to taipei holmeday like this like you will go to ximending.
because thailand, we are our camp, it's a rough one
just uh, there is no place without many people, but there are still a few village. then we
then i found that thailand is actually different from singapore. singapore is
the most why the civilian is about the solidier in singapore but
because my place is also the village who is more than tens of kilometers after the camp and then after a few tens of kilometers
it is quite far away to go to that city area, so it is usually the just all forest everywhere or some
okay every day
from the time of setting up, get up and get later, then we go for breakfast
he will broadcast his national anthem, and then everyone will stand up and then his national anthem is
it's pretty special because you first hear the national anthem of another country and then you must listen to it for a whole month
so one month, even if you are sleeping over or you are at that time, you are walking in your stool or you are walking you still to stand still
then you look at all those soldier who speaks over there and suddenly stand suddenly
uh, i do n’t know if they then, we will be unknowingly later
when the time is almost coming, we will find an uh to find a quiet place, so for example, we go to cook house for breakfast.
the time arrived at go go, let's go
find a remote corner and wait there
when the song was broadcast, we sat down there and waited because no one could see the mah no one can see then.
all day long, so after eating the morning in the morning and then returning to the uh bunk to shower and wait for instructures
uh, do some exercise or play some game yourself
because there are their camp in thailand, we just borrowed the camp. he camp is very big.
borrow store and store, then i am a driver, so
uh sometimes i will take the vene out for a few rounds, then let the car warm up and go to warm up.
there is no one on that uh, i said okay my sir talk about okay kay you all look very,
because they can have just book them
just take a look at that place learn more about that place
then to that place because they probably understood those thailand's soldier they will know the singapore soldiers come hree also verdry bord bord
every time i talk about orientation, the route is like this, and then the route will have several stop points and then there will be
they have a fish sauce ya very delicious
we usually cook soup in singapore, either boiled soup or put chicken stock. they are different. they can put that fish dew.
then add fish dew soup because the fish fish sauce adds it directly in the water and boil water and stir it out to change the soup and cook a few fish balls.
that disparence is a bit big and the taste is the same
there is nothing to eat in singapore, so wherever you go to eat, you will feel that this taste is very fragrant. at first, you will feel very fragrant.
eat and eat and return to singapore. i miss the feling.
then we sometimes go to the grocery store and then go to the grocery store to buy those thai instant food if they are not opened.
then the instant porridge there is a box of ten packs of like
so it is worthwhile then when we came back we know for one last round
secretly put it back because my unit is a unit and a container
many of the container, then i sir will talk about
no, uh, because soldier and taiwan soldier
different, thailand is not the same as in taiwan. at that time
and even if it is chaotic, our area is very remote and usually will not happen there, but taiwan is taiwan.
taiwan itself is younger than thailand, and then her camp is in the um
no high in the southern towards the south # ing-chun # # heng-chun # camp
uh, it seems to be elected
it's not clear, whether a certain politics does not understand, is it chaotic or elected and then we
it is instrument that when you hear you hear the thing go pass, which are what kind of parade and the like
everyone must close the door and all the windows are closed.
if you go to foreign countries, you are twenty four seven standby.
singapore is different in singapore, you finished the work, you can go home after five days after finishing the work, you can go home
however, foreign countries usually compare foreign countries that have foreign soldier.
so we have more free time. our sir is more released
so taiwan’s nights out will be more uh, even because taiwan is
go to taiwan out to go to kenting kenting in nights out
talk to the singapore camp's soldiers of taiwan
taiwan soldier taiwan
just the new camp is pure singapore, so there are only a few taiwan soldiers in taiwan
uh, for example, it is cook houuse, and the guard duty is also there is nothing in taiwan's other that
then this is why, we do driver, i am a driver then, when we go to taiwan to do driving, we will be particularly careful
because the first taiwan is the left hand draive, many things are different. singapore
hurry up and sit slowly when you are right when you are fast.
taiwan is different in taiwan, and then the right is also different.
what is confirm is the fault of the confirm because the singaporeans are in singapore's words
uh, if an ordinary person's car hit your car, then you su not support to say anging you just support
because we are also using the land of others to do it, we also have a little no choice.
then taiwan
so for example, r. and r. it was almost four or five days for exercise for five days, so two days of travele went up
one and a half travel go up, so we sit on that bus and then stop at those famous shops on the way to buy, buy, buy and buy
i go to sleep in that bus all night and go to the morning and then go to taipei and taipei.
the same as singapore's uh club is the same, just like going to dance there and then pick up girls.
because taiwan has the kind of twenty four hour bookshop
then i really went there. bookshop was really a few floors. then i went there, and i caught me if i did n’t sleep all night.
because when i went there, i read there and read it. i think i think it's almost three or four okay.
seeing that i was drunk from club, i was miserable
then go back to the room and go to sleep, then when he saw me in the morning, he saw me when he saw me.
to go to hotel room at twelve o'clock, and then sleep until six o'clock in the morning, you have to stay at that hotel, but
no not really care is because my unit is good, my unit is
don't do something wrong you do your job then i let you have your fun
don't talk about it when you see it.
my warrant office is also going to taiwan and don’t know to buy a small remote control helicopter for his son
because the day he didn was his son's birthday, and then he was there
without warrant office warrant office
almost that life was dedicated to the singapore government but the but
then he down his son's birthday that day and then he bought the helicopter of remote control for his son
singapore is twice as expensive. singapore is almost the same
thirty -five convert taiwan dollars
finally, because we are r. and r. that container is no longer at singapore, so you want to take you to buy what you want to buy.
but the one i want to go most is to go to japan because of the delicious and delicious ones, how beautiful and delicious
beautiful women are also more ya they get a lot of things to see there
because i last lesson last i am now in n. t. u. take japanese
learn japanese here ya
then there is a japanese programme on notice board
he is a long form that he forgotten it is.
uh, you sign that contract after the contract, even if you work in japan
it can be the assistant of the english teaching
as far as the internationalization, they teach english and then
just that kind of speakers native speakers
uh, the japanese government will give you money theyyy pay you
if you have not made mistakes a year, it is about three point six million yen
need japanese profitioncy
i just started learning this sem, so it's a bit longer this goal is still far away.
its requirers is j. l. p. two j. l. p. t.
this is n. u. n. t. u. it was h. m. j. the internancy.
he is four level four three two one, and then n. t. u.
four four outside is the easiest one to be the hardest n. t. u.
you finish six, you are only in j. l. p. t. three
because the one of three and two
so you are actually in n. u.
you still have to go outside or self -study for ya
he used to change syllabus because he recently changed to syllabus because of beforet
the first week of sunday will take the first week of the sunday, and then around mid year
uh, just sign up for registry form a dollar
then j. l. p. t. four three two one was thirty -fourth, forty -fifty fifty fifty
uh, it's the same as standard
then their table in singapore's table is so high. go there to test you. you liverally is like this because his table is almost so high.
so if you write you to do you to do that paper, you will feel very tired. if you do it, you will stretch behind then. tom has hit the table behind
then i mean's school has open house, and then you go to the open house
every september, he will open that place that summer festival and give it
you can only buy from the person of the japanese association
you can only buy two tickets alone and then you can see the place where their place and their sports and their spocilities are taken by the way.
everything is very small and the wall is with classroom with singapore, but singapore classroom is now a window
and notice board notice board is usually either empty or a decade
but japan is almost a seat in each wall.
one, two, three, three, five, seven or eight, he will list it to you, and then i wrote to you on monday to sunday.
so it is really increasoring
that image the image is there, ya but not really,
september september september its release date makes me think about it
it is headquartered in bugis and then you go to the exam.
then you go to the summer festival
because the ticket of summer festival at that time was very exclusive, so
uh, unless you can get it with member over there, you usually can't get it
but usually he has left votes, and he will give the school, such as n. t. u.'s japnese appreciation club japnese n. t. u.
this is n. u. u. u. u.
he will give these schools of japnese association club
those lovers of these japanese culture daily
january and january or february january or february in north spine was in front of that foy
originally, there was a fishing fish, but singapore a. v. a.
uh a. a. a.
three years ago, they could still catch goldfish so in that j. c. s. summer festival or you can catch goldfish. you really take that goldfish and then catch it home.
that event itself, you will see many plastic bag then on the ground, the goldfish is there and then died
then a. a. a.
well, the non -moral is a bit of cruel, so the activity of the entire fish fishing fish is
this kind of goldfish activity, then uh more traditional, there are still that fish-yo-yo
yo-yo in japan and japan is the kind of shape that you see modern yo-yo.
then they fishing yo-yo is that balloon placed in the water of water in that water and then take it.
he takes a paper clip and then bend into a shape of a hook
then you take tissue paper to hang it out and then use things to hang that balloon
so if you deliberately aim, too heavy
but if your tissue hook that hook to the water that tissue, it will start to become wet
need a little bitnique so if you have no such patience with the technique, you can't hang the ya, but it seems that when you play it
comparing the to toy of traditional, you can see a little bitch. it seems to be very good.
so you can go and see if you can go to j. c. s. website to see how much it
its summer festival's tickets are only two dollars, so it is very cheap and there are many japanese products.
good okay
then work okay then over there, but it is very regrettable because they are going to move office and then stretch all the way even
it's very similar to so i only go to a camp which is halls uh
i am hall six
uh, because my friends have participated in union camp, and there are his strange camp
because we come to uni, there are many camp for freshies to participate
but i have no time to participate, so i only participate in the hall six camp
no because it is before, we come to uni
uh the camps would actually start from from
so you want to see which camp you are going to go to.
camp, who is seven days and six nights, is very tired. i didn't expect that hall camp was also seven days, so i was very similar to the fate of this fate.
in singapore, because there are another camp, my friend is going to be quite cool.
some of the school's student council was held
uh the three unis, some of them are held together is it is different then some are c. c. a.
that youth organisation go there, uh, to do volunteer as message, go there to teach some children
tell them homework because i think, they are all faom uh broken families
so they are also low income, so i think that organison provides this free service
that place is close to my which is around one hour plus of travelling, so and that thing is on wekday, so i didn’t go
very similar to uh kovan with kovan hougang
right, a student who is charged and charged, i think she okay i feel that she had the attitude she wrong attitude of learning
then i still feel very hard, but if you go to those uh, the organisation is taught p. three students and then i have four students at that time.
the attitude towards learning is more positive and then you will feel better when you teach it
uh, the primary three is nine years old in singapore
but some of them are sore when they look at them because they think they want to attract the attention of their parents.
so it may be to attract uh maybe.
uh, it seems that a mentor will be responsible for three to four students
so there is about twenty there are i think around six around six volunteers then
uh, ask questions when they know install of like, they can find someone to answer, their homework questions do not need to spend money, please
but in n. u. uh my friends are quite active in hall
i haven’t participated in so many things because i think it is difficult to cope sometimes
very similar to participating in uh cultural night, they will like to get all the way to two or three points. i found that it is difficult to cope like actually. then i did n’t go to then the action.
doing project, we can do project for a long time, long, long, i can't stand it. then i have always been in the end.
but uh the project is many modules that can have two or three projects
sometimes they do projects with friends and their discuss discuss discuss will discuss for a long time for a long time
then take a lot of time
no one he gave one set of question and then you wanted to make a present and then present
so it seems that there is a caseing that you have a case then if you have a case.
different modules have different projects then very similar to
uh, some are some indecents of individual.
because there are two non asssess, there are two then and two that are not included in the two project value thirty percent and a ten page page report with a ten percent
then the marketing marketing is to say that there are four projects plus a report
then stats will have two reports
you said why i have time to participate in sports
uh, about five four to five depends on the class
uh weekend, i will go home every friday night
then see if last weekend is going in because we want to come in, so i will come in sunday, otherwise i will come in in the morning
uh, this five
because i am okay because i don't think i am because i don't hate physics, i can’t go to engineering school at all
so i think if i didn't come to business school, i have no other choice
so i still feel fortunate because of my okay, uh, uh, in our class
because that school organise such that right, some people are floater, that is, they do n’t have a fixed classmate, so they mean that every class they go to see different people see different people.
but when i and my friends are very fortunate, when we are sem one, we found that the five of us actually were exactly same timetable
so there will be five of us in each class in each class, so it is natural
compare close then and then all from project to do the sem together.
so i think this is like this, if you have any friends who have been with you, i think it will be more sad to compare the days.
and uh, if you try to arrange for project timing, right is also easier because if you are different timings
because i don’t like physics okay, if i don’t like physics, i ca n’t enter faculty of science
i can't go, uculty of engineering
then okay doesn't want to
i think my language is not very strong, my write
so i and i have eliminate faculty for faculty of social sciences
shinbusiness
if you see these four faculty and then you are eliminate, there will be business school
in july, because i only went to hall camp then in july, then i knew my friend, then started in august
uh, random's is a computer system generate
uh, it is two people and one class, but because my ex-roomie moved away, and then
last time, i saw single room available
if double room is one hundred and sixth
if there is no time, i will go home at night because sometimes i will go home on monday because my lesson is at ten:30
because we are next to the hall six then is s. r. c. that track
next to the track, we will go down to run
then it is very fun to live in actually to live in hall.
it seems that okay even though though thoss is unableal but is like monday to the lesson test on wednesday then monday.
no because he has test the next day
so living in the hall should be quite fun, very much like like. if you need to help you, you can knock on your friend's door
i want to participate in things and then take points.
uh, not because there are many levels that are very similar to that main committee, only thirteen, and each committee will have their own people
so only those thirteen people have power to recomge, you come back, but i think the opportunity is quite slim because i don’t participate in many things at hall.
but right means that may will move home in may because of my exam after the test on may 5th.
so go home and then go to the travery at most august
you can do legal squatter, say that you live with your friends
but i think this such actually it is quite truesome. you want to move your bed yourself. you do n’t have your own wardrobe or your own study table.
because we really can't get up in the morning, but it really can't get up and it's very hot.
we can't run, really running three kilomets because running track right. if you run like nine laps and ten laps, you can't stand it.
before we built uh, we ran to field with soccer field
s. r. c. there is a playground next to it and run over there
there is no field next to cementd road, so it is flat
regardless of whether it is morning or last time i do project like, we come back at four a. m. m.
they will be running at noon i know why
uh, if you come back
uh maritime and port authority m. p. a.
uh, i am me, uh, they sponsor, my for my education what
uh, i will be attacked by post to finance department
uh, this period of time
help my friend organise union camp, so there is a seniors camp to go and there is a real union camp after that.
there should be no uh union camp and the actual camp.
but there is no chance to participate in camp anyway
it's crazy in camp
uh, i don’t know how to do it because of the becape of y. o. g. do not live in school
very tired, tired, and tired, they do n’t let us sleep like it can only sleep for four hours, five hours, and four hours a day. then i did n’t sleep until i did n’t sleep all day.
their activities was all the whole day and then i was tired, but i think, so because i think my o. g. close
because of the suffer together, i think the bonding will be stronger
uh, those boys in uni are two years older
they will also participate in the right of my arm who seems to be in army
so every boy will be very big. we are two or three years old because some are poly.
you are here to do project
but taiwan is very good to play. you know last time last year. i went to my friend to go to taiwan okay.
but i didn't feel that i slept throughout, my friend was scared to wake up then with a family, and rushed down to the downstairs.
no, i didn't go to hualien, but i was only okay in that.
there are too many law but without singapore.
because those girls look like one by one, they are long rebonded hair, that is, long hair, and then fake eyelashes fake eyelashes
because this was the first time he was going back at that time, it was her five -year -old when she was a child.
uh, because i and my friend, just go out to like ourselves.
go there to go to yangming mountain and go to then to have a join one one day tour
then one day tour takes us to nine copies
that beface, we have ourselves to go to the a fool's dock to watch freshwater
anyway, after the after exam, go out to relax
but i want to go to a western country, so i may wait for year two or year three.
but switzerland's cost of living is very expensive
i don’t know that for six months, because i think my friend, my friend, my seniors who iteent right, who spent six months, about eighteen fifteen to eighteen k.
because they said that the accommodation plus like normal living is about one month for right for a month.
so after six months, it is about fifteen k.
if you don't need it, singapore speaks n. t. u.
so you just to apply, my friend, he went to his apply for next sem, so he next sem went to canada
uh, i don't know he went to montreal
because okay will always go with you just to see you initially do you know all the people or not, so i am afraid that i will be unfamiliar with those people and then uh, so i will be very hard like this, but i think i want toheck goes
wait for year two first year two june to go out like this
i also think if i will think about it, i have seen it because i haven't been to the western countries yet
you last
half -year yeah four months and four months
i saw it when i came in with a bus
which part of malaysia do you go to
if you go there, eat malaysia, just go to eat really
that is different penang laksa. laksa gravy here is here.
the soup of gravy laksa gravy here is
the soup of penang laksa is a brown color, so the soup is very similar to the kind of clear soup, but it will be spicy.
so it is different different kind of laksa
i forgot because penang laksa went there to eat different different things but there. here, i think malaysia is pro malays
take care of their policies, so you go to hawker, you can buy a plate of chicken rice in the hawker center in singapore. you can choose where you want to sit where you want to sit.the people sitting here can only buy from my stall
so because we go, otherwise, we will be scolded by those ulum hawker hawkers. they will they like you must build if you sit then.well, so really have pork pork
so if you eat uh, if you want to eat chinese meals, it is also its another end of the hawker center.
so i don't like to go there like there
because if we and if you are in a dode, they will not open meter
that table bargain ppl
and especially at night, they will special raise the price
without singapore, if we collect it expensive, we know why he collects expensive because he jumped according to that meter, but it can be opened with you casually
they do not open that meter's
it should be quite fun to go there to malaysia to eat then to play then to buy some local products to make some local products.
but in the past two years, will you go back?
no if you want to eat hot pot, go to bugis, the one stretch is hot pot, then you go to choose which one you want to eat
they have a system called a. s. t. s.
that is, you can apply so you are under u. s. m. but he sent you to go abroad to read
but i am very very so i hate something like bonding
it seems that i have the same time with me, my uh classmate
all one is in k. l.
so one took m. p. o. v.
but he wants server m. o. o. v. i don't know if it is usually six years or something like that
because it is good, you don’t need to find a job becauer
for example, if i finish, i want to do postdoc postdole. i can find any u.
there are a. s. t. s. a few friends have passed
there are many scholarship actually
because don't say anything, there are some things that are sensitive issues.
so do you like to work in such environmental? no one knows
but now it will be better because of those u. s. m.
those that compare it as a semi -private and half government oranization
then they are all walking on research
more and more like the new building, the insert next to pharmacy school
there is also a gift that is given to under a. s. t. s.
so if you are going, you will come back.
don't go in to look at your under. u. s. m. bio school give it.
most of them are only applied after the master
he himself blur blur like this
but the supervisor of course has a different supervisor. there was no because i also thought that if you go to one place, you can take the scholalarship of course. your pressure will be very high.
i think because you are spending the money of your sponsor
then if you can't do result, you will #ki # #siao #
then you will be crazy, otherwise it will be crazy, if you are here, you are like this family and friends
you go to all the ideal countries in foreign countries
they have more than us, so you should make his money when you go there.
so when i have qualification, i want to make his money. do n’t give money.
he can give you to you there and it is also of money.
one friend went to the uk, so he calculete came to the calculate. it was just right because there were some places.
so ah, do you want me, do n’t like, others can, but i don’t like to give people bond
if you are free, i can have more choice
because i heard that they a. s. t. s.
i don’t have heard that there is one of my boss, and then our lab is another boss who work together
i heard that they are going to do postdoc very hard
because it states that your back of the server is not included in the server.
his then reasons for you is not enough staff
so how did you be a under family at that time
so it's very unhappy, you have to see v. c. see dean to see dean, don't give you, you want to see v. c. so for what
because their ideals are doing research
but it is obvious that you enter government
so if you want to make a review
so i just mean it seems to be a. s. t. s.
but now i have a facility i don't want to do lecturer in the future, i can
i finished p. h. d. go to change, i want full time researcher foreign foreign foreign and sui, such such a kind of ulcer is just malaysia
power without such a power
so you can't do it and all if you want to do that kind of company bio company.
what they launch a new product is needed to do scientistis
where does the scientist come from?
so if you take this a. s. t. s. you only have one way back, he asked you what you do, what do you do, he wants you to do lecturer, you have to teach you
this way, your salary follows the scheme of his government
actually it was a boundaries
so when you know who will have a better future with who you will have a better future
but i think it is a more painful choice becauer, you do okay outside
at that time, you did okay state of the art facility fine everything very good at germany
no facilities
what to do but i have to stay here, i want to teach
so might as well, you have done it now, i want you to go out. wow of the art, i don’t want to come back
you can see this thing that you don’t know so, so you don’t dare to talk about too much now. now goal is
don't just kid
actually, i did n’t know so much when i did n’t know very much.
then they cheated me because i read journal every day at the beginning.
you dare not dare to be an environment, you are not familiar with you, you dare not move first to see what you can do first, first, you can be friends
can't say very culturing because, this is what i chose. i like what i like to do so okay
when a friend is happy, everyone understands that these friends who really come to the end are these friends.
but i often joke in lab
well, our lab has a little bit of the most peak.
the most peak and the most peak
now drop has more than a dozen master plus p. h. d.
that kind of undegrad in the kindrial (industrial training
because we both, we are twenty person because there are two lecturer shares
so each lecturer around ten, so now, many of them have graduated.
they dare not accept so much so older sorry doctor sorry
so so and then lecturer is also very powerful now. i don’t know how they are. i don’t know how the entire system is out of.
then he can also do, what is the problem and what is the relationship between what is
there are several places that have a relationship with this result. his student can be done over there, but it is his student but did not come in this lab
so i am not very understand, and then add his coop
so they do n’t consider, we do n’t say that it is too much in our lab.
i used to goak when i first came in
the difference is about five or five years ago, five or six years ago, now my lectuerr was in his forties at that time.
but when peak is really hard
we have tried what we call the dark the dark the dark period, do you know?
just when there is no money, i didn’t finish because grant will finish
so just after the finish, there is no money to come in
as a result, a lot of things require recycle actually for molecular lab.
those small tube are all used and lost
then a person can only buy a few things to buy keep. one can only be divided into a few. you can find a way yourself
then glove has no money to buy you if you want to buy it yourself, don't wear it if you don't wear it, don't wear it
but it was passed at that time, but at that time, we had lunch when we had lunch for lunch. chinese went out because we ate pork
there is a master student for four years
he is almost going to graduate, what should we predict? i know where he graduated
because we are friend, but your private bottom lab
what kind of friend, we have never been to ask
so lab is outside lab lab. it seems to be friend.
sometimes we do n’t do such a thing because from morining until night from morning until evening, you all see the same person
just come out together, but there is very few only the only activity watching the scene.
so one has been doing it for four years. it seems that he is very strange today. today, you are still doing something. say friday
you are good, if you go home all the time, you will return every week.
i found that i can’t do something because some experiment has been across it for a long time, so it is not enough for you to do it for a few days.
then you have something to stop in the middle, you stop for a day, you can't pick it up anymore
very he is from today, he is here to do so tomorrow and come to continue to do it. friday.
no coming to okay fine sunday, no monday or no coming
he said uh this thursday i will take you thesis
you can speak to your supervisor, so we don't have to talk about other people, so there is no actually, no one is ask to him, what happened to him
no one knows what happened, but all his things were completely packed.
you just need to do a little more or not?
it's as if my friend and i have a friend viva before
if he can't do it, he can't do it, so it is negative's result, but the boss tells him worry
ah, as long as you can debnd your things, you will talk about other things! gao-tim #
then i think okay has done something. he is very diligent. he has enough knowledge to read his knowledge.
if you are external examiner because external examiner is found by your examiner
so you can also find a friend, so i will tell him you to see that the thesis i think is enough
his external external examiner will return and tell you to do it again
so you should be able to enter viva room
it depends on how many things you change. what must be changed to him?
then you want to say that you have enough understanding of your things
there are some local lecturers in lecturr.
it's as if i was listening to the viva before that lecturer said, i don’t know what he is.
he said that i don't understand why people now like to do sequencing so much
now it is a very routine work. about ten years ago, the age of our lecturer
very bombastic's things, okay
i read it now in n. u.
i have uh three sisters in my house
no because the teacher said that if you mixed two know of languages right action in correct
because my middle school is in river-valley high school
they talk about be bilingual
but they do not encourage us to mix english and chinese within a seence
in the first year, there are more econs modules
we have basic econs module for example statistics
what reaction is like
that kind of ya micro
there seems to be a family last year last year.
the history of the economy is like the cultural revolution caused the what economic changes reforms
without me, i have that great leap forward
it's the five year plan
what is called communist economy what
it is everything is centrally planned by the government then
there are more freedom to the market
so what does it decide from the above like it is difficult and difficult to implement
they are people who rely on their own people to consume to stimularly the economy
most of them depend on exports
history class okay
at that time okay thailand
i don't know if i only know i think
i made some adjustments, but it did not expect that people will spent the currency, so it is cause the download
just because singaporeans are more reception of the policies imageted by the government
so fast and fast recoveer from the shock
but your employer right
it is contribution rate
it reduces that contribution rate, so people want people to spend a little more money and then start the economy
but people did not expect it
for that okay singapore singapore policy right really dependent on
bank's interest rate yah
because singapore they have a unique exchange rate policy
it's because the government control that the band is not to let it float too much because the floating too much is afffect to our exports
but china is fixed they fixed it
because before you see the history of thailand is already a lesson learnt for the mo very very very careful in trying to float their currency
yes, so it still does not let it follow
they do not have a reveal like which country they use.
to him is to look at observe tyn, and talk about okay singapore's relationship with the united states. as in
it is about observe observe the trend.
he is very similar to singapore's pegged to a currency a few currencies. there may be a weight attached to it if i don't understand what other countries.
may they change them, they may change that weights, i don't know trade basket
he did not tell others that because he was afraid of others' speculating on singapore currency
he talked about the government want to implement which policies, you understand the reasoning behind this
there is nothing else in this way unless you are really into statistics.
because the countries around him in singapore are not very developed ya so
so singapore seems to help the entire environment around the other region to propr
two hundred of g. p. p.
because exports is the money imports, you give you money to others
the government consumption of money may now be those infrastic develop new areas ya then export export
export import is imported
two hundred and eight immortals of g. p.
it is a value g. d. p.
you can both singapore or singapore's money or convert to convert to still the aame
there is no more, the less the better, but just saying that our economy growth right is largely due to that export factor
to now should be america
just by that kind of technologal based products
for those who have those with the skills and knowledge to research on all these
the income tax here
this is of the policies the government hopes to attract foreigners
because some countries right for exmples those income tax of european and american countries are pretty high, if the people there will come here
therefore
i think it's all on par for both countries
so it is convenient to take a boat to batam to take a plane like i think for a few hours to take a few hours to thailand.
yes, and here is compared to european and american countries the living of standard right right is actually much cheaper as compared to them right right
they talk
i think education system is too rigid
so i have always followed a certain program according to like
but i seem to listen to because my sister is now in republic poly. their school is advocate problem-based learning
they are different and their tests have presentations and stuff, but you see now
at that time, i did not project work in my age.
when i was in elementary school, i did project work.
no her seems to be her final year project now
no, i don't know if i don't know because it is a group work
but they must have a school like put aside for their final year project
there is no only final year project when college
however
because okay poly right is to take a diploma
but your take diploma cert comes to college
it's start from year two then, take the university degree is better than diploma cert right
so if you know that you are going to go to which course specialise in which area right before entering poly
this is especially because n. t. u.
not n. b. s is not the only only business school in singapore n. s also. have their business
but i don’t understand what the countes of n. t. u.
i am not n. s.
economics is under school of humanities and social sciences
many people have that misconception that economics is under n. s. but not
he is a little different with the kindal economics we learned
not relying on those not base on theories
you have to talk about tsu tsunami is it
but that different behavioral is more micro
he did not say anything, and now he is just doing that mini presentations
just do a simple survey with smokers and find out which which programme is suitable for the help them to quit smoking effectively
it's as if there is a quit line in singapore now
it will give you some opinions for you some advice to help you quit smoking
it is advertisement
yes, i will talk a little bit hakka a little bit.
it seems that it may not be chaozhou chaozhou a bit like hakka
taiwan i know last year
it's hot, it's really hot, i'm really cannot imagine
their night market right is very similar to the pasar-malam in singapore, right?
have you ever seen at along the road side right
what is it to go in the new year of the malay new year?
every time they are changing because they are watching their malay's calendar
it is their festival yah just that our termed it as the new year because we don't understand what kind of festivals are
people ca n’t move at all, just like the new year, what do you buy to go to that chinatown to buy new year's goods and be very crowded and crowded
for that place, very difficult to find
we walked around and walked around then you come back to the same one then we realise that
that hot spring is a public one so those are quite old
just chatting with him is also young people. they are backpacking
but there is no way because our time is school holidays what
because it was just because the boy was going to serve n. s. right
after their server, there will be a small holiday before they apply for universitity right,
only that time can go if you drag it again. i think we will graduate
i don't understand their application date is around february to march right
but after for private university is that period
we have said that we are going to yangming mountain, but the result still has not been to us to go to many temple.
their temple is very advanced and there are that kind of l. e. d. light and what are the welcom to longshan temple then i
i lived in taipei and didn’t go out to so. then we took the budget airline
they felt that the earthquake was just back. there was a small earthquake in taipei.
then some people bring those big hats right
then those try to use their umbrella to block that sun.
a bit sunburn
they all look at those stones
i don't understand because we rent a mini van then, there is a guide like a guide
jurong-point in singapore is available
unlike singapore, they are their buffet style is very different
it's strange that he only gives you three hours
it's very strange because the buffet right in singapore is okay. how long does it take to eat it slowly?
he has given you the whole pot one by one, the then, one hour, you can only call it once, once again
it's strange, but there is the free flow of haggen-daaz ice-cream
after eating the flavor of that ice -ream, we have no light to eat
they said that they must try that they restaurant, but actually his food is not delicious
see that toilet to see that bathroom find it very interesting
it's small to the place
that one bride
night cycling at danshui
riding riding over there, but we can’t take our bicycle on that bridge because it
we only ride there to see the sea and go there to eat seafood
because seafood is not cheap what
the people in taiwan are quite discipline
it's like they go to the m. r. t.
and they have that m. r. t.
they are quite disciplined to really go and queue up
their service industry also not bad
it's like their seven-eleven stores
because when we are standing at that door, then he will always rene.
do you understand which singapore is not selling that kind of waffle ice-cream
renting the kind of mini van then, it will go through the neighbourhood to sell that ling ling ling ling ling ling, the one who sells biscuits
at that time, my friend seemed to eat exotic food
he said that you may not know which show on the show to see documentary or what not very much
pig blood really eats alone because all of us dare to try the pig blood
it sounds strange to see that the pig's blood blood
no one dares no one dare to try nobody dare to try
the baked rice over there is a lot of baked rice
it seems that they are selling baked rice everywhere, but we don’t understand that it is baked rice because
we haven't read the chinese language term of the word baked rice, so what do we see that bake
that's the cheese on top of the rice.
bake is baked
there is the cheese of cheese on it
xianbei seems to be talking about the wangwang, the immortal shell is rice cracker
that's a cake. we are talking about that mihe uses him to use one by one.
he may have cooked the rice that then put it down and add a little ingredients
the above layer is cheese covered with cheese
so the above layer is the inside of the cheese is rice.
that's it, ya ya ya is right yes and yes, the one who is pretty good and salty
then there are many shaved-ice over there
but taiwan has always been considered me to give me him.
he said that there is a promotion of taiwan now u. u. card, i am still in the consider
he told me to go to bangkok when last october or november before. i said i don’t want me to catch things. i have something to do.
bus
it seems that when you want submit paper
there is a kind of weekly report every week, so but not saying that i have not said that i am not set. i still don’t say what i want to do this week.
you want uh, uh, just what you are doing, you want to say what you want to write to you, what do you do, what do you have?
depends without depends, you want you to be depended me, i want me to participate, i want to join which conference is like this
it's also my first paper so, i changed a lot and many times
it's not easy, but it's hard to be difficult to hahaha because doctor tan is pretty good
fortunately, it would not be because he would not be like that lecturer said that i gave you you, you must do it, uh, uh, uh, uh, give you what you like to do.
some of his lecturer said that he won't be guide, you won't say that i just give something and you must do it for me
he just said you were wrong, but he didn't teach you how to do so how good you are so, so uh, my boss is quite good
for my friend because of my friend, he has an experience
is he also the but?
because his lecturer, he actually gave it to you. you do you go to research. you find that you can’t do this. you can tell him that i want to change title
he is like this, but now he seems to be give up
because you can't push a part of a party, isn't it software, this part then, i just said that i had dates before.
he said he was going to software so.
he has been looking for me for a year. this is how to follow such a lecturer.
in fact, what is a master?
because your master comes out, you are looking for a job, and you are the same degree, you don’t have
it ’s just that you ca n’t push that life, you will go out after the task. you will go out to work but do normally after master.
uh, i just want my master to graduate soon
because i think it is even thought, i have a sem but. i think my progress is not very good
because you work, you are more stress, you can see those people and those who
it's not as if i am not alone like lab alone. i can say that if i do n’t talk all day, i do n’t talk about it, right?
uh, i am reading master, i don’t like something, don’t talk about things, i do n’t talk about things, right?
compared with flexible, you don’t need to take care to feel.
it is in mass commit
i will go to mindef in a few days to have an interview
is there a psychometric test?
sometimes you find a place for the liaise wirectors
call those director as if you want that budget how much money he needs to control
clothing logistics
therefore
then there may be a sound recordist for the sound of lighting, which is lighting to make lighting.
and post productions may occasionally enter the editing room to see what the direction he wants the direction he wants
if he thinks okay, he doesn't have to go in all the time
yes and then editor will play freely
because when you want to see, sometimes director wants the like control but.
uh, at that time, he would be control like, how did the actor go and how did the actor say what lines do they want to say?
however, some director will let editor come to try itself
our school is more focused on so on sound
we are wee-kee-wee so and a. d. m.
but if beface that
teach as in teacher calls us
the current subjects are now studying cinema
it is the teacher who will go from all over the world to documentaries.
he will tell us about their historical background like it
why do they take this way why camera walks here and what is here?
i have learned this kind of thing before learning this kind of thing.
we don't look at hollywood
we are looking at iran
uh, there is a very touching thing about the war.
then they were taken in 1966 but they are still very relevant
there is no market in africa
but they really have a lot of good director
it's not writing, in fact, i actually went to thailand to take a shot with my f.
do that a. i. d. s.
that's one documentary, let's go to thailand to shoot
that is, they have been born since they were born.
after that, you can live now and it is quite amazing
because local they talk about thai then, we are just under undestand what they are talking about
that is, there is improvise on the spot
so we bother them to help us translate
it took three or four weeks to translate
fortunately, because we are two of me, i, i am usually my camera
it's quite heavy, but he is a pretty light out of so many cameras
yesterday was that oral presentation
that teacher called zeemerman he came from the united states
because we are on the outside, we have heard other groups that have been asked same question so.
we thought he liked to hate us our documentary
then there is one more teacher who is my supervisor so
but he gives us a lot of things to do so, i don’t know what to do now
he said that it is necessary to do an extra cut, which is a new point from the new
then we can go to see to film festival
uh, the original thing that the teacher wants original we have something
just to edit again
he doesn't like something like like graphics or something
at that time we helped me one of our group mate
my friend's mother just happened to be donated to us
even if this is a project, she donated a thousand yuan for us
then i have to help my mother to make a video
some goals are for educate
just walk in that direction, you can start very eductional
what does the freotage on your hand look like?
still you have a feel as if you want to do one
very relaxed piece
then you find some easy music and then just
if you think you want to do this, you can try, then you can change to another
three minutes of video, uh, we will spend a few weeks like this
i will see if it is aesthetically appling
if it is documentary, the theme should be important topic
because if there is no good topic, you will be like this regardless of whether there are many beautiful people
then now i am more concerned about the documentary and the drama can actually be united
one by one is war war movie
there is a very real feeling, but there is another feeling of emotional
how to take a picture, actually, except for aesthetic is your heart
we originally used video camera
then okay is okay and slowly start to learn
there is video
you can use many of us very beautifully. d. s. l. r.
you should see that the other one is all with d. s. l. r.
our measuring light is not measuring.
for because they won't sit there all the time
then we don’t understand what they are noisy.
what is the name is the thing that is quite shocking
because her privacy
it's focus on
those two protagonists we feel that there are more closest link becape is mother and child
in this way, we have time to come to edit
otherwise, it is impossible for the four for translate to be too long.
and we only have half a year to finish sos from shooting to production, only half a year
the first is we know the them as in we get to we get to their house like
it's kampong style. you things fall into the water as soon as you fall in.
going there is a lot of things that are suddenly arguing, they suddenly quarrel, and then i will take camera to shoot them.
i think exploitative like
they are quarreling, you are still shooting them you know
but because camera woman can not miss those footage
otherwise, my director will scold me so
in any case, we can ask them for the for permission
not that halfway house is for adults
go to that place first and then we know a lot of children with them.
then we have forgotten that they have a. i. d. s.
i just feel like ordinary children. we play very well like this
is the organic meeting i will go back and visit them
i hope when i go back there when i go back
just stay from the tource
friends over there are actually okay okay
really, they just sit there, it seems
at that time, it was very calm and very peaceful
our intervieweee is also being shot
he was him, he was very pitiful, but after he didn't understand that he was beside him, the roadside stall then, and then he was accidentally shot by others.
because i didn’t have because i and my friends, they all liked to climb mountains
go and play those exciting things so so
nepal is actually pretty good to play with many adventure things. many temples can be seen things that can be seen
there are a lot of rafting to climb the mountain over there to see the tiger
uh, there is a bungeee-jumping
in english, we have some guides so should be okay
some of them are very reputable companies
then we take lonely planet and walk everywhere
at that time natas fair
but i am a transit, and it is not should be okay
at that time, it seemed to be arme
without you, you can go to those places where you don't have such a lot of tourist, where do you live?
very good there, ask him to take you to take you
they want surrener so to wait
their army has blocked there to prevent them from entering
i have to go but go to # pratunam # area
when i went there to do his master, he was almost hurt by him
thai
they are useful, do i go to try, they do n’t have try, they dare not dare
you have try oil
i haven’t try yet in taiwan
i have a lot of try in thailand
i have not missed the soles of the feet yet
you should try fish spa
i am o. d. a. c.
so just start to like things like trekking and rafting
i don't have any so afraid of so
because we all go to like malaysia indonesia to climb
no because we are the join association right, we can take people to go abroad if we enter the main commm
they will like to travel, then we can go to malaysia with some guides
our professor participates in us
he has been to mount k. he has been to many places
usually there will be booth in the first two weeks of recess week
however, there is a different price a little bit.
it's just that our camp is not only our camp in singapore. our camp has to go to malaysia
what is the name of climbing rock climbing right
that is bouldering
recently, there is another more a. t. c. yes
what is called terrain challenge something
what is called kayaking
uh, i didn't want to start the actually was after all exam, all of them came together
there are twenty committee in a commm with a community.
there are many trips member's trips member
we don't have to enter ok, we are
drink tea then
where are you going? do you talk about trekking or
it's quite greedy i agree
but just like
go to a lot of places, i think i should go more once because there are many things we miss out
because it is too rushed
i like hualien very much, but they talk about a lot of earthquake then, i just
good then
because our tour agency is the same.
just go a little about the night market because of heavy rain
relatively cheaper, but their shopping is almost the same
not the hot spring of spa
yes, i think about it, can i go to rent a bicycle
just on the road, there are root
even see in singapore
she tied that test outside and then
i really want to do this, a bit too challenging
why is it good, i go to find out first
you have golden retriever
there are you going to private estate
southeast asia, i just went to malaysia because i took someone to climb the mountain and then
the most fun i think it's stong
but just sit in the past
it will be scared at first, it hurts, then
just bleeding and bleeding until it slowly calls coagulate
in fact, he is fun. there are many waterfalls on his side
then there is one of them with a slide is the water slide
then i waited for my friend and then i was give up later. go down first.
without them because many people have played so, they know it is safe
very full of amazing
it's as if they are skiing, he just stand up then two feet like this shoom goes down
then we wow
there are many more things that they will have a house and then let you submerge in
yes, it's not this stong is another # palepa #
usually i know my sandals
because it is not crawling to the waterfall is
climbing along the water
of course, we have to be a loger when we graduate
just live some hotel, we go to online search
just see that there are a lot of good and some delicious things.
there are also some kinds of things that kind
then go to nepal
they do n’t have them even worse, they go to china from vietnam
go to tibet again from sichuan
go to tibet and then go to nepal
no without them, if they want to enter tibet, they are join their tour tour group.
the photo they took is very good -looking
now it's summer but when we go, there is a little near monsoon
a bit dangerous so
it should not be as short now as in quite free right
can't not use ninety days nineteen
you can go to a shorter nepal, but i think it's quite worth going
it's not just a mountain climbing not only the kind of adventure, but also those temples that you talked to you
temple without them is actually more beautiful than us than us
i think they are all beautiful
all singapore is held by block
uh, it should be nanyang auditorium
different departments different timing
but i don’t understand when so so so
i heard that there is a little overpriced so
too expensive so
now they have an offer more than one hundred and sixty -eight, but i heard that they will add some additional things so
because my friend, he has already graduate's package that he tries
he said that the company is not very good, i will be okay
actually i am now playing semipro
it's hybrid
i have heard four thirds
is it not d. s. l. r. but, but he was relatively small
you can install those lars
it's more light and convenient for travel
you can buy that adaptor for that normal's lens so. i haven't so much money so so slowly
if it is first hand, it is almost the same
but i buy secondhand
i started to find a job and find a job.
i also like to give me. as in i have to give me opposite my house. there is a little boy who taught him secatee. i teach him maths and science.
you can go to sign up a lot of agency, in fact
there are a lot of agency to find again
a lot of people is looking for
uh, if you go to agency sign up, they will ask you what you have academic education. you will definitely get it
i forgot singapore tutors
you can go to try
he just does not do your homework with you. lazy has to die.
it's like the kind of enthusistic more active enthu
high is not a high school.
then this way each level drop is a five dollar like this
then if your education is higher, the higher the degree of your education.
so you can go to try
what do i have to teach in chinese?
but my chinese is not very standard so i think, even if they follow that textbook, we talk about that textbook
uh, give them a lot of papers to do it
there are usually many assessment book
why is it so bad in taiwan's english?
because i will like to speak some english or the accent is different
just to mimic, their mouth accent, so weird
too singapore i don't think i think it's closer to malaysia
taiwan's accent is closer to what
it's not that of their tone is a bit different
my friends
my classroom my class is quite small as in my course
but the boys over there are not like so yeah
it looks a bit gay gay so anyway then
there should be no for my batch
because our english wants b. three or above
uh singapore language singlish singlish
just eat potato
uh, what is the sweet potato for potato?
i think compare and compare singlish right
yes, sometimes switch is to be switch, otherwise we do n’t have enough switch. sometimes we will participate in some like malay hokkien.
especially for that kindal clients then, they suddenly emerged with a strange sentence.
if you want adapt to be adapt, there are many schools.
foreign western teacher
they like to play this kind of thing, it is okay
not because our teacher just looks at our report
he will control a lot of subject verb. many grammar then
we just do okay
no good good in a way
then our report is more defaled
then i kicked my football and made my nail like this
get it a bad
what jogging uh is rarely busy now f. y. p. at that time
many friends have all they have
and there are many race coming up up
x. physique school's sports club
very bombastic's things okay
do you know these things have become routine
you want a thing, you must have a sequencing. you have no other way
there is that old method to do that kind of radioactive's plotting.
you understand, so what he wants is what you talk about southern blot, the kind of thing with tedious and hilarious, no one wants to do it now
then he suddenly came up with a saying that he said that i don't know why my student likes to go to sequencing so
how much is a reaction now? a reaction is actually only 20 yuan
how much is a reaction? do you want to do southern blotting
then i think this lefturr is very problematic
but don't you see if you know?
you are like the eyes of the eyes
i think it is very declining, but i don’t want to talk about lecturr. some lecturer is really unpredictable.
why do foreigners have such results because they are question and they are asking you to ask you how how do you know
then of cases, this is the fault you said to go back to the education system
how long is it independent for 52 years?
i think this is an endion failure. you can't find an education system to give you nation
ah morning eight until four or five of full day
but we do not have that facilities
so a normal support is so normal that you go in okay. do you have no school school?
so you have you have you and you have chinese, you have, you have tamil, you have everything, you have everything
if there is no way, you have to go to internetal, you must teach people in english, right?
does this get that the entire nation is still struggling?
then chinese in chinese. if you chinese, don't learn chinese.
if you want to learn chinese okay, you take chinese class
so just like the university's system, you choose the credit hour, then you choose to read it yourself and then the most ideal extra -curricular activities are like this.
but a very strange thing is # bumi # # # bumiputra # the # bumiputra # is to take care of that kind of ethnic minority because they # bumiputra # are less
but our malaysia # bumiputra # is majority, so die in a country and die in such a thing. you have to take care of majority
the wrong one, a very reversed concept not the correct concept
i can ask you chek-ming what will come back and ask him to ask him lau-chek-ming, what do you say, please tell me soon
because our as a molecular's things, our things are comparable to fundamental
it's not that it looks like it is a base
it is a base coming to okay, so say specification a little bit. let's talk about my project
the important thing is because in a bacteria i have studied it, it is unique
it can produce a polymer's physical properties, which can be similar to our plastic without going through too much modification
what is its elasticity p. h. so of count, you reduce that kind of model
so the only disadvantage is that say, the bacteria produce, is not enough
i want to let go of another bacteria
give that bacteria it is a relatively simple maybe. this is more complicated.
i just need to give it substrate a.
you can’t change this after you a, so you can go to b so that it can be used
but you already know where it is gene
put in the other one so it is recombinant technology
so can produce, but you cut it out.
well, if you are not right, it is not right.
so my importance is here
my provide that information for others to go to modify to play it
because you are down from downstream, you want to recombinant. these things are important
you can’t cut the wrong place, and things are reading frame
three three nucleotide walks this coding thing
so if the thing is wrong, it will be finished if it is wrong
so its importance lies in this side
so when i do this, i do this.
then as long as its reading frame is inside
but if you are a bit bigger, there is a bigger disadvantage because it has other genes on the left and right.
so it cannot be available to the entire procedure
you can use the fastest way to use the shortest of the course you precisly know where it is.
go to grow grow grow and then go to play to see what you grow.
that thing is very wasteful. i didn't do it because so what i did is that they have already been isolate.
then this specifically this bacteria is
so before they came back, first make sure, it can produce first
so that was made by segmentation's part
and after product
what i need to do next is protein
other people are trying to do it, but this gene's protein
you have to know what the structure of the entire protein is like its structure
you need to do licrystal out
crystal and then you want a crystal
that crystal is going to take the x-ray x-ray defect. you can know its structure
so many things have the structure of structure protein.
you will see this crystal of this kind of harbin interesting
what kind of crystal has
water is also waterstal with water
those things of water are easy to be because it is a crystal that is very chemical. it is easy to form because it is just chemical
there are something like salt, you have stayed for a long time, you will see that he has a fan hablow* something like this
therefore
then without crystal, you can't know its accurate structure
there is no part of mine.
if i do it, i will enter nature publication to open best conference
you will see me on bulletin u. s. m.
really u. s.
some things are easy for crystallize
i don’t know why this is a strange question mark from universe
so sometimes i think scientist is going to dig out and answer the question
not going to create some
especially biology
because you are all existing things
in undergrad, i forgot if it was twenty or two in the second year or two or two. i went to new zealand.
there is no chance to go around there, there is no chance to go to south island
but when north island goes, there should be nothing wrong with spring
so just playing something and some things dare not play, it seems like bungee jump, dare not play
because bungee jump's mother talks about jumping down, it will be blind, so i can’t
really because bungee jump is stressful, our high myopia can not jump randomly.
there is really such a case okay fine in this life that can't jump bungee jump. it doesn't matter
just play a thing called zorb zorb
after getting rid of it, i thought i would roll like this.
the coolest thing is to go to farm and then you see the sheep
then it has farm over there
then the sheep
so when you arrive, it is very different from malaysia.
then you see a granular granules white color
from a distance, you can see a white color and then you don't know what you want to approach.
because new zealand should be lost now.
its hair is black like a bear like a bear
then you can take pictures with it and then teach him how to shave the hair for a sheep.
then of the vine garden, there is something to see, but they are the best to play.
because what is the weather of south island?
but when i went, currency was a little bit more
just because of that lord of the ring
if it wasn't for lord of the ring, it wouldn't be so miserable to two o'clock.
so okay, but it is already quite, because the air ticket is more than two thousand
so ah south island will be more expensive. at that time, i saved money to half dead.
then it is very relax, but foreigners have lifestyle with foreigners. they are really relax
four or five o'clock closing shops are left with pub bar, then the casino
this way on the street, then their lifestyle is really a foreigner.
because at that time, semester break
then go to see that he has a quator
their quad is a volcanic mouth
they had a parade at that time, i didn’t know if it was fund raising a charity show.
then, is it because of english? accent
this is cool, it's really cool, it is very cool
at that time, it was more than ten degrees, more than ten degrees so, and it would not talk about it.
very very cold, so ten twenty dozen is room temp like this
so new zealand is really beautiful
it's really beautiful, and its tulips are on the side of the road.
it's really cool and then it is beautiful
then the road was so big, but when people were more than someone at that time, i don’t know now.
as long as you are a proficiencyal or something, it is easier to accept it because he heard that she is more than that
its south island is still very large
it has snow mountain.
but you're going to see those things. my boss said the best to rent cara ~ caravan caravan
otherwise, you go to outskirt, there is no hotel, it is troublesome to find you
then the portion is very big, but because my friend was student at that time
so they live in hostel like this, but it is not divided into men and women, so
everyone in the whole building has all over there and then there is a large and very large kitchen under it.
then there is a big and very big, then fridge, then you write your name for you, you do n’t know what to do cs
that's it. at that time, the best weather was the best, but they had the kind of ove again
that kind of ove is the kind of over that can go to more than a hundred degrees of bake care
so you just pour everything in and eat the most. things like cheese milk are all poured into the kind of bake like pizza like pizza.
if you have anything to cook, you will cook a lot of rich at that time.
so you ca n’t eat this rich here, you can eat more cheese, you want to think
this year is first year in psychology
my school is h. s. s.
to me join dragon boat, because i am j.
then my coach is the same as now n. t. u. coach
uh because in j. c. it is relatively short
because a-level's schedule is very hectic
then there is not much time for trains, but if you come to n. t. u.
then the funds are more uh, uh, that funds is enough, so we can try a lot of things
it seems that when we are in the game, we have to pay those competition fund and then jersey to pay for it ourselves
then it seems that there will be sponsor to go abroad
uh, i only thought i was join for half a year, so i only went to penang and then i will go to macau at july
so every year there are more opportunities and then the game can also take more competitions because you can take more exams when you are a-level.
those uh time is relatively long, as if two years, but you can't have anything.
so we have more self training
it seems that the other three people and then come to gym together when there is time.
here will be better because the gym here will be better
then you can have too much time.
core exercises
there are also practicing stomachs because you have to support your stomach, you have to suck in before you can do it.
then then the public up is practicing the back as it looks like
there are lift weights of handshake
we will travel two hands, the leads pull double
no uh, if it's just running, we will run like five k
maybe if it is only warm up, it may run two k like this
nothing is like warm up, won't run soon
uh, just one thing is not as i imagined, because i think psychology is about what people think like this
but now the module i read will be very similar to science like reading statics and then reading biology
then biology is difficult to read biology because i am second.
then the brain has to be carried back and then how it transmits the type of transmit.
i have no basic and i have to start from scratch.
then statistics are also rare
it's relatively small in arts ess to write essay, it's okay
now i read social psychology
that is to say, it will be study people and people means that others are influice themselves
there are some more special behavior, and he will be explain why this is like this
then we will do some behavior
it is because the person's tendency is to blend into social norms
in the university, especially in universities, we will make some new friends and find that the kind of friends who have a common friend seems to feel like the world seems to be very small.
he is my middle school.
if you have common friend, you will have an inexplicable one as if familiarity
our training once thursday, then there will be a self training
traying is three times if rowing is
but rowing sometimes be a clock in the beface
it's my captain, she will tell me that on tuesday, we will go to the row, you try not to be lined up
if there is no way
i think my will will be stronger than like determination
then it will be easier before give up
a little hard, i just want give up
but this thing will be join. this will feel that if you persist, you will get something
then it was also about teamwork
so it is more difficult because it seems that they will suffer together, then that bond that bond will be compared with ties
compare close a little bit
but when i was secondary school before, i join robotics
it seems to be basic
in the past, i secondary one secondary two used the valley join and then secondary three secondary four.
that robot soccer
because at that time we were trainer
then our robot is the own building and then built a long time. it is said that all of the base and d. n. t.
then our design was uh because they had a maximum langth that diameter could not surpass this then. we do a circle.
then we just happened to be maximize, his size, but then he said that he would like to take at the size.
then we still used to return that design
then, because of our time now, robot seems to go straight. if you want to turn to then, you will turn right turn left. we think that this will go out of sync.
so we are create an omni direction
we have four motor then motor that can go straight or side
that when the thatel is that thatel is like this, but it has a small where then on it. it can also be transferred here.
it's like
there is a motor then, you will put to the port.
but at that time we designed because you want the grab that ball when you want kick, so you have to go to the infrared ball with another where
but our one is not very strong, so it is quite a failure.
that part
then j. c. i also wanted join back to this, but my parents felt like i should change one
that is, he feels like changing a different c. c. a. you can experience more things
or shift around swing around put in your pocket
so body language is body movement more difficult. control
you can also control
because they think that there is this con, they are misconception that, your tone and your facial expression
so they will try to control these parts
but if you a bad like, you cannot control
the course is actually okay so far because only after year one
study some basic, and are funamental
knowledge looks like
those who seem to be in-depth have not yet learned
because i just want to enter arts
then at that time, i was choosing to go to n. u. s. s. s. s.
then dragon is the same as my coach
children do not say delicious and fun on east side
very similar to that kind of chalet
that is very similar to heritage village.
chinatown little india little india
i heard that zoo actually in singapore
just australia, the kind of australia
then there is very similar to kangaroo and then koala bears.
it's very similar to the zoo at least of singapore, you can go all day long
fortunately, because then i was pretty early when i went, those that were not built yet.
i saw the kind of construction
that is to say, you will go slowly, you will slowly turn around like then, then you will slowly turn around
so the scenery, i think that scenery is the selling point
yes, in fact, if you are free, you have nothing to have that beach.
in fact, how do you play that ball and then go up that ball and then it will be fly across, what is it difficult?
i don’t understand because it seems that the impression seems to be very expensive there, so we didn’t buy it
it seems that there is something butterfly park.
so usually go there just to go to that beach over there
uh, it's okay because arts i think i think
i heard that arts will be compared with other faculty.
we will be more reading and writing esay, so it is better
this is at that time i read that some people will do some unjustified causation that is to say
it seems that a is so c, but in fact, a does not have link to c.
so slowly that some people will go around and always talk about a and always talk about a and then c
so you want a and then have b c like this so c looks like
then the point is your argument
to answer that question for your topic sentence
it's as if if you write comprehension, you don't write him a question. you have to write the first sentence and one sentence.
because it is just to take english, you do n’t use those flowry language.
it is clear and concise like this
if you write that kind of description and then use a lot of flowry language, and then the teacher will read it for a long
just look at the module seems to be a social psychch to write one every week
to him will give you a question and then
just write an essay and then have articles to read
then look at article and then write esay
it's uh because of social psych, we have article, it seems why
uh, the article i read now seems to seem to be a thing in failure in obtaining, and then you will want that thing more because you don’t get it
but you still want that thing, so the entire article is talking about why people want to want and then hate that thing again
because uh usually those paper's english english is quite difficult to understand
but because the united states has paper, then it will tell you to read the then, you go to understand, and then you will write a summary like this
another module reads very much like the development psychch is to say
you will have different stages of differential process
then i learned like adolescence
that is, youth is that you may become rebellious and then become rebellious.
in fact, he said that most people at this stage are actually looking for their own identity
in fact, they will feel that they can control more things are actually a good thing. they are learning
then they said that there are actually many factors that can make that young man look like rebellious
it seems that peers is your friend
if your friend reject, you will be more likely to lead to
uh, it looks like undesiates outcomes seems to smoke
pre -marital sex, the kind of thing premarital sex
going to avoid, i think my friends are actually still very important at that stage, but it will affect my friends. maybe my friend is better.
is it?
is it to record a hour
i have seen it before i like slam dunk very much
that time my favorite anime
then i will buy that v. c. d.
because that anime is just to one, it doesn’t have it, it doesn’t finish that
because that anime is late
i will see bleach now
death note death note
because after the comics, l died later
that light wins that l
but then l had an apprentice called r
then because deth-note is also about psychological things. psychology
then i think the japanese really compare entertainment
it is funny and then my semester goes to take japanese
because i think if i will read it in the future, i can see anime without using subtitles
it seems that at least i am that i am not to go to take to take this module at least.
it is also more practical because it is at least letters
because japanese, you have to learn those new characters, it is more difficult to write
then if you learn like french spanish at at least
go to osaka osaka
there is that crab
because at that time, i was going to play robotics
then go to their universal studios
at that time we were thinking about whether to go to tokyo disneyland, but what was going on?
australia looks like after o-level
i haven't gone abroad for a long time because i was really busy
because now studies is relatively small analysis, i think i think
maybe essay has end of year
last year was semester one or
uh, i am an enrichment center as admin's stuff
do you do sales too
just want promote, you want to sell your course like this
so i went to see what they taught them very much like their lesson
then he will have a customer service like parents
my center is chinese
it's that paris
that is the enrichment center and then later
i will encounter different parents because it may
it is a course that compares the internet, which means that it will play the game now that children can play games
you can like to come in a lot of things with four words like this
then they will play game
so our selling point is that it is learning like uh joy, so your child will be interested in training this language
i am relatively good like high school because there is a general paper, and then i go to that tuition class
then there is no additional g. t.
three -year -old child, then they usually learn only one or two words like this
that is to say, using those who are very similar to showing him that thing, and then you tell you that the word to releate, that thing seems to be like that
actually, i think like
but it is very expensive. i think i think
very like a lesson to 28 and not one to one. there are more than a few more children in one
yes, kone k two is another price of 30 yuan and then like this
so like thinks that like parents is really good for children, very willing to invest
because afternoon is sometimes kindergarten is usually in morning half day
then my grandma then came to take care of my grandma
to her ask indonesia indonesia
i originally asked phillipine, but because my grandma would not speak english, she would only speak malaye
maybe because like comparison like may be better to the maid, and then there will be no such good that there will be comparison
it is two years usually contract
two years, but uh, you can stay on if that maid wants it, if both like the face are okay then can can can be stay for a long time
you have a maid then, you want to buy insurance hundreds of pieces
only hire, so i will go to see it
then look at okay and then
go to that shopping mall.
then you have to brush your teeth all the time because there is that braces and then things will be easier to stuck to be in
because usually they said that if you want to drop your teeth, it is best to pull it out of the then, i dare not be afraid, and i will not pull out my teeth.
but they talk about it natural
so because you have been having it, what will it be crooked or what?
go to dentist, because it is quickly unplugged like this
in the past, my friend never grew up, and then i might go to those more important exams like p. s. l.
because we have that p. m. cup
usually p. m. cup can only send a boat
because there is protein and then it is light again
because if there is a trating
because after trailing is all about nine o'clock
this house is actually bought by my aunty in #pahang #
he sees a lot of diss people
i saw even grown man because theres occation she said she said was like
it’s not clear because she saw this once when she saw this
brother, i do you think then i
at night, you will a bit phobia to go into the room
there should be so far
starters two more movies to be released
his story not really a fan of harry-potter so i be very much,
i am always looking at my watch asking when the movie end
i plan to currently, i find a job and then have an apply worker
well, because in the starting, i read the master because i think i want to make my parents, proud of me
because in the beginning, i don’t have a lot of interest in studies.
then under their eyes, i not good enough
like not really a good student that i study well
because research is not my thing to go out travel in lab
because parents wants so, do not disappoint them
didn't you talk about really?
because i want to makerpose to doarch because they want to make their prop
not so anyway, i know that this is what they want so i try to be the best daughter i can for them
everything is to be experience, i feel that i can do it, and then at least, i will talk about at least. i have a good too much.
because the results of the results obtained by if forced is not the not as good as it can be becape the heart is not there to do it.
no register yet
because it's really boring in lab's position, but
my lab is not very flexible because my lecturer is my boss.
then he will ask you update
go in stress to see that he comes out when he comes out
the person in it, because there are two very good studers inside very smart student, is very smart, but when you go in
then come out very stress, mood is bad
then i must be waiting for one day only
but if you want to be research, if many patiences are because of your keep doing the say thing over and over repetition to get the best results
then if if is interested in people is to compare easier to go through because the want to do better
go to achieve
then show good leadership is for course
i think it is ortever or any company function is where you can show when
how to serve him
it should be that he will read that dotor should be english in english
but it's hard to think of that the word
it should be okay good
because i think uh in life is not
you can use to impro. i didn't say where we really go
so many things we can learn to improve because like e. q. you want to have a lot of people.
but i think i haven't yet to study that stage
well, this depends on like
all are practice to slowly adapt to that changes
it should be without me very flexible
because the most important thing for me is the people around me must be happy
i will do something like go out of my way for them
two or two also have to be happy
but i will find an an method another alternative way to make that customer happy
his happy with his product and with the sales
because i don’t know what the product is regarding
if you can read more, find the internet or find the brochaure or even they give them to the technologist people who product the things
when you want to sell your stuff, you need to know your product to give person, your customer educate, they teach them
what is your product so, they will use it
because this is in medical field so about life and deth
but all ultimately wants to look at a figure
how about portray himself?
can't be his worker up to a certain standard
do you want you to talk about middle school or secondary school or primary school
for i mean as in ok my primary school, i am uh
xinhua primary is a school but of a sort of with # cheena-cheena #
because my grades are not very good, i mean goes to serangoon sec
later, year-sec three thought about it
i want to say that okay is going to j. c.
anyway, you can't enter the then poly
it doesn't matter if you enter it, the apply hall is right
my sister asked him if i wanted me if i wanted to enter hall thirteen because of senior so
at first hall six's package advanced to so so i said
don't understand any ghost hall
this is sports hall, you have sports gene
what you can play without you, i can play, i will play tennis then
it will be it
you do n’t need to hold shit, you can eat shit.
that's how i didn't speak when camp was camp.
it's more comparison. i know that he has that eager every day. it you know
i really have a little when we want to go shift over think
very sad because
you are so far away, and rarely come down so like
i don’t know what it for your friends is doing
he goes directly to confront, i mean, like to understand
you do a co ~ co-director, you should support
have you ever thought about every when there was a problem with like
i didn't go to hexis's performance nor hexis comm ~ last year
so many of us will not so like alvin, and many will help us # da #
we don’t know how to step in
you don't know that the issue of that rugby
you want to play with us to play but you want to make, my cast, my cast, don’t bejured, don’t be
what kind of sense do you give people, do you understand
we don’t understand preparation time actually one and a half hours. not enough
like, we three, let's go to agree first
we try to postpone
we understand because hall ultimately the priority
although it is not about our hope to have a balance but ultimately is fighting for champ ~
you want fight for champ ~ then
because he said that mic club wants train song this and that
so he just take a lot of time. we take a lot of time.
then after a match, we really want to be a bad guy to pull others away
sit cab and go straight down to make-up and stuff
i am the bride
come down the because ultimately with the kind of passion you know
my year one, join tennis clinic, i have a job, i have a name but no one calls me to go
because i think i noob okay so
because you know nat right, if he thinks you are capable
he will take you if you have a half plus seven
when then, i will say that if i forget it
i like welin very much, i still remember that he just pulled me down to play.
if next year i still have to stay, i think
still join back o. c.
because year one year one publicity
really happy you, you stress right
go to pour paint to draw
i think i still want to return back to sub-com ~ i think it is happier to do sub-comm ~ er life is more happy
uh, do not need to be best sub-comm ~ er but i think
it is already a very not bad # sia # like a peak in that thing is damn good i mean
i really need that space
i still remember benny, i told you that i am a monk
i'm not eating meat, i'm slowly quitting the meat, he also also whatever's crap jenior
not last year, i have remembered my recess week, did i not go home?
crap said for a long time
i am monk
you have to eat meat, so you want to reach nirvana. i talk about okay. i can’t eat meat tomorrow.
you mean in n. u.
i only have a few things prefectorial board
didn't wait for the next four or eight, so eight years in j. c. first three month in eight years and three months
because music i think it thinks if you like for me i am not very good at words but so
go to death and die, you know how the thing
otherwise, it is like music
compare memorable
in the past, they told you if you heard hall at night someone was playing in play music
is your instrument then sort like scaring the ghost like this?
take off your pants and take off all the trash bin right after that, go and shower, and go to the clean room
i go to sleep and then the shoes are all beautiful and placed outside.
forty dollars have just bought and do n’t see it. and then, i walked the entire block thirty five
i hope one day my havaianas sandals accidentally worn by others
the then after that that i call my mother i mother, i said
i want to go to u. s. i mean for my exchange
why did you go to then # gien # i mean
it is yeah so why i decide go us i mean
because when is came in, application i got n. u. u.
very bimbotic job is then you can also travel
i really want to take n. s. s. i was like
you see lid talked to him that day and talked about my chinese new year. i didn't come back.
very thin oh my day's fat chip is not seen.
ten like actually
because they celebrates my birthday
he chrismast is very similar
very sad each time after christmas right, everyone is very tired boxing day, no one gets up why
it's my maid happy birthday thank you but you know nobody around
moms and dads like like are sleeping
for but because of because my friend no. 28 birthday so is only combine celebration because i am because of me
my group is very small, my group, only seven people are my poly clique so is okay
i, my year year one sem two
i don't know if don't give me the chance sorry i don't want it
she is the middle and she is a taiwanese butrser. she is super rich.
do you know the glass of the m. r. t.
i can buy my longchamp bag?
just understand m. r. t. that glass and the platform are all her # ah-ba #
every piece you image i think
then i didn't expect that i could buy longchamp before i knew it with her
while doing tutorial on the while watching movie because r. p. very slack
you really don't look like j. c. so i j. c. i remember that i first three month is super hard and hard to wear that uniform. i really fight
because i like uniform very much
i just think we need to wear that in the end, you don’t need to think about what you want to wear
he just like why you sleeping
it's like that the omnipresent vincent tan
then there are dozens of posterns in you mean. if you go to r. p. if you are free
after walking, you will see vincent have four or five poster a. o.
occasionally, i can find me to shoot the model
not bad, do not do model to do school model, it is also good
i don’t want perform i just want to sing because i don’t have that courage. i don’t get up. okay is really honest.
i think they are very comndable i mean
if you always, you will not have to make things if v.
i think i think i think i will go to join, i will go to join i mean singing like
speaking of me uh, there is still a bit of potential
so if let say really has that chance next year, i mind join in sing
help you sing. occasionally you correct. i told that your neutral is not enough or what the qi or whenver not.
i really want to me mean. i and ivan and ivan because ivan and year three
no money i mean, if you want to save up, it is a bit difficult. i want to pay back the bank loan so a lot
they can say that earn back asked veilin, he talked about earn back so
i don’t understand, i want to do that kind of work resorts world
very bimbotic jobs, otherwise go there to help others fasten safety belt
cleaning i also mind too
do i mean when i was in uni
there are many mods and then after that
one tab one elective i am alream like struggling alream
i think it is very heavy so very hard for me to find attachment
i might go back at once and i have to come back to clear three mods
i like wu kequn, but my roomie said i can’t sing because he said my voice like luo zhixiang
it's not good, i don't like him because he is not good at singing, he is no skiller's then.
i just hear the popular songs like to listen to the theth after that that i will like it
my listen to chinese songs.
what is the like of band?
i like wu kequn okay jay chou not bad
because i used to practice six or seven times a day i practiced every day i practiced every day in computer
without me, i think my song is very nice. what then can sing and have a bit of groove. i think it is very impressive then k. t. v. you can sing
i want to learn dance but, i dance like duck, i am afraid that ah-bu will vomit blood
really, you see that they are not jumping this year. this is how i think i do that two action very much like driving.
so in the end, i think if i go there ah-bu, i will faint
i have no real but really i mean is a bit limitations
then i might be a little better than colestine
may i go to him ah-bu to teach me to jump two.
if you have a chance, i really go to learn dance not bad very handsome
just learn a song, then go away when the bounce is over
just playing those tunes, the same song, call me the second shit i know how to play alream, the kind of yeah
i have a sister, my sister, now hall thirteen
i really want to come to the butt
she asked me if i could control what to have six, i can only sing
it's hard to come in yeah
she can be fighit like me
very auntie is not but because you know n. i. e. have you ever seen a teacher?
people are prepare for classroom experience then, what is research, right?
without then she and my mother are we buy a teacher's clothes, i bought five sets of clothes
she is the same as ahbok.
she said that ahbok sleeping is better than me every day than me
she listen to lecture right then she goes home and go to play.
she even told you that she has played with you that she has already been cooked.
do not understand clear hundreds of levels and wiki can be fight
wed
my clique
it should be in the in-sing gang of si meirin the yilin last year
every time i listen to them singing, they have laughed at them geeti every time i remember you
your bite is unclear, bite the word and open your mouth open.
i like kayle and i like to be a family wine
i am very crap, i will talk to you
i take it as violin kayle and take a pencil as a conductor
i'm singing there and sing there over there
because they helped him dubbing that day, five or six that, because kayle sang very mad, i accompanied him
after that, go to roll zhihong's bed
two naked boys are in sleeping
do you see if you take after that?
take his stitch away derres and remove my dog where i don’t know where to get it
i will feel very sad because your clique
your hi bye friend is those of those few
i still remember a very stupid confrontation last year chinese new year, my g. p. a.
after drinking everyone, i feel that i feel the kind of ace you tell you in the ace of kaiyang's power i exam
i think i am very happy in thirty five
go to reading room then, i live on the first floor, right?
don’t take the clothes every time, if we watch it at reading room
it's raining wet, see me and shawn
it's really miss like those moment that can't wash clothes now
because there is ion-orchard there, i can come out from pulau-ubin
i walked back to myself as three of my shawn zhihong
the kind of me, who has no one, is india
you are not talking about you to take what the hell, you all lie to me, then the love year then damn sad
at that time, the taste of chocolate meiji chocolate was then smelled for i also fainted every day.
just sit down and roll our betd and then go back to yeah
sometimes too entertainment is not very good in the end. people will feel very crap.
no one wants serious every time, i think
without but, you will be down down and think through
it seems that i am quite old to have twenty -four alream this year
find a good you know kind of thing
sometimes you think you know every time you think you think you are very empty because two of us is back.
talk to michelle to talk about sleeping when sleeping.
hope hexis is safe
why my try very hard to contribute in other areas
those who do n’t know if i do n’t know, i can hit the then call to him hi
you can't talk about me told you that i told you that i died you without actually died
then when i two, i think michelle
her inner world is difficult to disable and many boys like her
good eye candy, good
i think it is a very scament thing in hall
you should be i mean touch wood say, you break up, you will feel that it is not just you break
you and you with your friends right
after a while, i don’t want jeopardize this kindship
i will feel that if i want it, i may find the then after that, and i will leave and leave
my bad habit is given to others, i just sleep, just sleep like this
i complain can also cry and cry and cry on scream
because i think this is also very sad
you will feel that you do so much and then people will not appreciate
sometimes it will be very angry
i don't have perform up to the s ~ the the exten
just the the friends that
i will make good mainain
xinmiao likes castel is not
no mean xinmiao actually, i think it's a good friend
i will give that person too much space i mean
it's a bit difficult to be to to you know to talk about it year to common on the premise of getting married
she is very dependent on people and i am not the kind of dependence on you
because i am okay, i am pretty mother -in -law
honestly, when i told her about her heart, they also at least and i told me that i think you know i mean appreciated
i am barrier
yanqing winson winson yan qing yan qing winson i think i will die
for but not not even possible then
that pig face can not i mean, she likes coquettishness
you will feel okay once or twice occasionally
you will feel very turn off
white honda is not allowed to talk about this
uh, it looks like there is then she just
they said it was a bit awkward then why castel
seeing her a bit of awkward, it feels but as a friend
she has ah-bu table. he likes ah-bu
i have heard her story but, i don’t understand what she likes
she is brave.
because imagine, i, i have the courage to go
actually who likes to watch idol dramas, do you read the next stop?
because i think very sad
at that time, i remember my my first time i know jimmy
crying and crying trigger trigger trigger then he turn back
i now immmerse into into into in that i kept crying and crying.
he was a little scared. winson why is this emo-ious?
tick me tick roomie right
because since i was young, i haven't been rejected. public is quite successful every time i chase
that romantic, i have a lot of that kind of ghost idea butum that
i think it is difficult to last after two month
because my idea userd up but so where i want change to be sincere and then kind like to treat that person who learning something that i am wek at but
he is very complicated to talk honestly
i have me and i told him why don't choose vicky then. he thinks he has consider too
i don't know but i honestly talk about it. i think vicky if she, if she
if kaiyang does not have girlfriend, i think vicky and kaiyang will match
because kaiyang is casual but height height wise
don't talk about kaiyang, who is so high, who will go to you know who can match him
i think it is difficult for me to go to match. if i am a girl, i also like kaiyang damn handsome
tall and big and casual, then feel that he is very avmodating really
don't understand but jimmy, someone you like
for exactly, it is because he is difficult to go to initiate a conversation
create some opportunities but yeah but
to i mean he, i think he told me just now, he told me not to tell others
because he feels very shy i mean boys
so yeah then, every time he lives together, three empty boys live together and sleep together.
she can't live in thirty two, her clique is different from my clique
you mean, i can help him go to the two to call cynthia with her roomie to the.
don't speak yeah
i'm miserable because i don't have a car without a car and there are cars like fanjiang
every time i want to walk to can two, i just want to be like this
at that time, exam right
fan is reading, not uh, not to read dong, not dong mingxiu's other mingxiu c. m. mingxiu
his hair is very long and very message
the kind of porn because they are not very coming
just tear the picture there every day, you are disgusting, you have been watching the same thing there, then to tear then, go to shrink wrap like that
because at that time i didn't really like to have a common community
i think i am the kind of thing i speak to the tree with the tree that laughed with me
super easy to sell because i will lie to auntie auntie like this, do you know? touch this side and touch there
i am now i just got an anchor job
the kind of that kind of computer consultant
my transmission is pretty short
i think bernert bernert likes her but bernert.
i have a chance you know kind of thing
every boys like why no
i am older than you, youth, youth is already limited alream then, you come to play me like this
it's gossip # walao # i don’t understand # walao # but i really don’t know i mean
she is in a. d. m. can't live
i was very worm that day, so i pulled her to then i told her to go to school with me to go to school
if you read it for a year, you one is finished. try n. i. e.
do it faster and faster because i want to follow the drum rhythm and then i always always
the faster, the faster, the faster, the faster, the faster, i remember that he played like me in front of me.
still my strum is difficult to hear, i don't know
i don’t understand where i don’t know where the but is the book in taiwan.
after college, i didn’t play guitar.
because there is no guitar?
look at the textbook book of the information about the need to doarch.
the book you want to read is the kind of thing about investment.
just go to college and have no money to buy comics for five dollars.
because i prefer that medical, those stories like the twenty -four diseases
then i see that comic is about that kind of doctor, and then # naruto # is also looking for but.
seeing online, it's not broken now
i will feel that japan’s comparative creative should be relatively different
the united states is hero hero all day, and then china china, hong kong, all day is a fight that fights all day
i have seen not many seemingly dead gods and those who have any-
mini pinscher
i think it is very funny, cute fergie, it is a mother
i don’t understand, i think it is very normal
because i am now helping a n. g. o. doing environment
he is three or five is the environment campaign from a campaign in the united states.
then now we are aim aim for, october 24th
he is set a global climate action day that people seem to engage in activity on october 24
do activity and then register on that website and then december
they will have a un meeting. at that time, they would discuss the world's leader.
how much do they want to set?
safety for human, he talked about the time of four hundred and fifty.
that c. o. two level's buttons failed because they did it as if they had set four hundred
after a few years, they will review
eat emission c. o. two more out so
this time they want to go to three hundred and fifty, so they want to engage in activities all over the world and then talk about it again.
so you need push those
then it is about the conference of singapore over there.
it is also about environment. it is hosted by eco singapore
but it is fake that its name is called world leadership
the number of almost half of the people is indonesia, so it is obvious that it is not
it seems that more than two hundred people come to this conference and go there to okay to know many indonesians
after that, i went to japan and then then we also had apply japan
just going to japan and japan is the conference that is really really like for that environment.
it is very good to write those statement out of youth statement. i think they really do things there is really efficient
without us, we are going to write to idea and then write about our own things
it seems that the first day is coming on the first day. on the first day, there is no presentation on the first day. we just do some on the first day
who wants present to go to present and then i go to promote's three, three or five zero
where do you know that when he wants promote, he also said that it scared me in one minute
then the next day, there was a present that malaysia's malaysia biodiversity of malaysia
because malaysia has two other people to go together
then i went to the present, and every country in his country had a present. at that time, there were thirteen countries in thirteen countries.
for malaysia, please, and then go to him after going.
let's talk about what youth wants what you want to like it and then
another is asia biodivers. it seems like putting that map out of this country. there are many countries.
it will have a buddhist holy holy forest festival or what is it or what is it?
it seems that then a little bad culture seems to be indiansia burning garbage tree
for agriculture, then there is any way to be very good concept
there are also some confpts in japan that are written like this
then there are solution missing solution plan
our time there is a time to discuss while eating at lunch
all in english and they have transitor for japanese
so when we apply, he asked us the question, we just wrote those essays, and then he will be selected
three and then that woman hone none
four days are very short, they budget
then they couldn't go out. this is from the order of minis ~ ministry
the administrative center so even if they eat them, they have themselves in building themselves
it's almost the same thing to go there.
what is auto, a lot of auto, and they are wearing a suit in japanese people.
i heard a lot of cicadas, i have always heard the noisy quarrel that is going to die malaysia
in malaysia's cicada, it was finished, and the birds were finished.
well, he will give talk in the morning in the morning
give talk in the morning and then in the afternoon, we will do the topic about that talk.
then he went to excursion.
then cut it into eight cell or a few cells, and then throw it.
throw the garbage to go to the cell in that cell that seems to have been burned in ~ incinerate
if it becomes ash, ash, he will throw it down and then then
now i see a few cells that have been filled with raw grass and raw trees
then they turned into a new island after they said it was very powerful.
they are so good with the garbage butt, so good
they did not talk about corary near the coral over there.
the nearby coral is near the island that they just talk about the other side
i think it should be doing this should be okay
we live in that hotel is hotel eighty one and budget hotel
the man gave qian that woman did not speak to him.
hmm because of eco ~ that economic impact
then there is job rotation after that
then i will run to do o. c. do it
then i ran back for a year and went back to do the order entry
i think the biggest changes is
ah boss's perception
everything will think for staff
it seems to take care of those staff like this
in the crisis of that economy, he just wanted to cut
when he was cut, he thought he was ruthless
for the time being, i started to work because i am more interested in working at japan team.
then at the beginning, i would apply that job rotation was because i wanted to try different jobs
but start with your own department
after all, you want to say that he is not good
the manager of other departments is even worse, but i haven't encountered it yet.
then i can endure him for the time being.
keep staying in this department
so i will feel that i will finish the things in this department first first
then i thought whether to transfer to other department
for the time being because of our japan team
now it has become four or four teams
one is quotation and the other is order entry and a order management
i will change the department when i am satisfied
i don’t feel that there is any development in this department is just a salary.
what is ugly is that there is no brain.
no such a presreen
there are those who play politics, don't go to join
you have two hundred and fifty every year to claim
you can be for glasses or dentist
the benefit of this way can then be divided into bonus
there are two dollars in subsidies
you can let you follow it on time, follow it five p. m. or seven p. m.
my colleagues, i think it's good in our department
compared with enjoy
i prefer order entry
doing quotation is to do quotation
then you just want to go in those products
then make a quotation to the customer and then order entry, yes you just want to turn the quotation submit in the past.
then there are more rules in quotation
it is really many you want to go to update yourself often
my english name is brian b. r. y. a. n.
now oh, i just graduated at ntu. i have not started the class now. i have n’t started.
what course
no time, no time minor
now i am now p. h. d. ah direct p. h. d.
i am some things that do physical layer
my basically, my next generation wireless
this is a new technology
they try to try to be newly updated in open up.
it can accommodate so so so and so, so so so so so on the internet to use this spectrum but may only be a little bit useful
so they can use another point. they may say that make use of the other rest of the spectrum for other services like broadband and other things to accc ~ access it something like that
that's because of a. star, we have a. star in singapore. he i think. he sent him a way to utilize the t. v. bands that means would make other users use this t. v. bands
i don’t have that one, i don’t have any of the actually, i don’t follow me, i am still starting. i am still starting.
this is a employee who is now with d. s. o.
working work with j ~ with several en ~ several engineer workmanship is like this
i am under n. t. u.
i plan in the future, maybe i hope in the future i can be in d. s.
oh, because i think d. s. o. he has a good environment and the environment is good, so you can work as much as possible over there
there is no first year, but the next week will be first year.
i'm on vacation, but i come back to do a little bit ~ liveraature review
do a bit of literator review
he is a triple e.
he is also network domain
because after all, it is communication. when i read my bachelor degree, i was a specialize in communications.
ah chinese educated
ah, go to zouk # chong # just like this
english book read class textbooks en ~ engineering textbook
well, i was very busy after selling a lot of then in the first year. i was very busy because the more i read, the more difficult. i bought more books in the first year.
the as in the book of my line is game theory graph theory optimization.
watch the scene, watch harry potter
i don’t know what they have nothing to do.
watch the drama of hong kong's drama, such as hong kong's drama love in the night central
i think it's good because of the topic of some singapore's words. then's tone is also a bit a little bitlish type.
locals prefer to watch local movies, local as in, which is compared with in ~ information
compare localized
there are celest-chong and adrian-pang.
i usually go to bukit-merah to swim over the other side, so i am going now
the sports of tv may not actually have any, but i can't think of it
on tv, i usually watch the news. i watched what fattening of the tens of o'clock. the kind of joke that is a joke of the eighth wave of the eighth wave of the nine o'clock may watch that kind of auntie's scene.
no incredible tales is mystery prison break.
i am more to comedy comedy
i think it's very afraid of people's then witch and all of them are very real.
news ah news is that there is a like recently. the sentosa sand has a main project. it is poured because it has no money without money for those materials but not the real casino another part the palawan beach.
where i think, i don’t understand that 1500 million did not drop the likel.
things of those sands of sand infrastic
they are going to get them real reason they did not say, but they did not say that those materials were not without money to pay for the somthing like that that
um politics news actually news i don't read that stocks stocks, i am not doing
if i have money, i should be in endowment fund more to savings
no me to buy gio ~ gio ~ giordano is the best to buy u. ~ u.two like this
after all, they will kill, kill, and price but not to those departmental stores
but the more expensive like jacket may be more expensive
which mall is of course vivo-city, but the mall of vivo-code is very good, but his things are more high class.
there should be as big as the area of vivo-city.
go to watch the drama golden village, the challener over there is also a big time, but if you lose it to the funan-center, you are also quite a lot of things
it's best to go to i. ~ ~ ~ i.t. fair
really sim-lim's sim-lim can be deceived but may be deceived
people over there will say that the price may be like to like things.
if you have time, eat river powder and noodles. this more to chinese
i don’t know this, but i prefer to eat kitchen's especially kit ~ the wen west lake on farrer road
i rarely eat mcdonald
investment and gambling, i go to malaysia, i usually go to malaysia
go to malaysia, i don't have me without me. i never came out of the far away.
usually go to malacca genting cameron high ~ highlands de ~ desaru, a cheap country
three three three thousand budget
as soon as i lost three thousand, i didn't play but i usually won't
that's it once every two months
cruise in singapore is very bad to go to penang. it is worse than me than i think after all.
malaysia desaru careeron
um's independence of business
i hope i can go to australia to find a day to go to australia to go to gold coast
roller coaster i think who plays it
my friend went to him. he talked about his roller coaster about five minutes at a time.
should there be any gold coast is the best gold coast
there are also but there are there.
i haven't went to listen to many people talking about the roller coaster over it.
have gold coast
go to gold coa ~
because i think i think i think i think after all, i think i think
if you want to go abroad, you may be separated from my family for two or three years. so i feel that try not to say in singapore, although the network in singapore is relatively smaller than that, but it is still difficult to be more difficult.but
m. m.i.t. m.i.t.
i can go to but when i didn’t go to my bachelor.
unless you really do a lot of homework, where is the fun?
play the kind of dota dota war craft war craft.
build a house to build things.
there is a lot of red alert alone. there are many series that one by one.
i want to take bus and then m. r. t.
ah then they will compare the new i think seems to be three or three years old, so that the new then is very active, they are many of them.
if there is aircon, you will talk to others if you open all the aircon then door.
because i go to other hall to the hall hall two, the door of the entire corridor where they open all the door open.
they will like travel a commitee to teach new generator
because before that also has a new and old hall three than when new hall three came out, they moved so the tradition is still there.
its first batch of j. c. r.
different hall facilities
about fifty more with aircon will be a month for a month
about fifteen points c. c. a. point for fifteen points
there are two of their scores that are your distance from your school to home
the other is your c. c. a. campus involution.
that nine points should be the kind of main comm
its one point then, you nine points, you give up at most very much
i am block rep, i am a block reprerentative of hall sixteen
i am basically my hall so if vice president which is the main committee. if he has something, he will tell me that i will go back and tell me block memberrs.
on the first floor, the first floor of the woman alternate boy girl boy girl
i am the sub comm u.r.er.e.c.a. is a undergraduate research of u.r.e.c.a.
that friend jing yan, he is the main commm
he is main commm. he pushed him to recommend me to enter.
because in undergrad, they have a program
crocked u.r.e.c.a. so this committee is called is is is is to foster the research cul ~ culture in to those undergrad sutners
hope that more undergrads will take up research work then after that go to p. p. h. d. level some
when i have a second year, i have the opportunity to do u.r.e.c.a. so at that time. i do electronic electronics so.
that is in the but electronics, which is a pretty good as in a pretty interesting.
it's easier to then like when i read, so i final year my specialize comm
i told him that sir got any books or not then told me that you go and find yourself then then, i understand that then i think is a good experience.
to the top that means, it is better. he recommends you to do this
because this is a module of ex ~ ex ~ extra
whoever wants to take can go to take
this club is a students that must be u.r.c.a.a.
be sure to do u.r.e.c.a. like. i have done this u.r.e.c.a. project
in the two years, the most at the latest and the most three years is just three years. because this club is the program of this u.r.e.c.a.. the original undergraduate did not have the opportunity to do the research work four years ago.
there is one of my electronics with me
oh my final year project is the third year but i u.r.e.c.a. is second year. the two are very similar doing research work because i am doing research work in the last year.
use two years to do research work
all fields are available
all field has that means-
because after all, it is not very very many people can enter it. maybe a thousand people can enter the fifty.
maybe fifty or fifty -fifty fifteen to the total of more than ten or twenty people who want join so fifteen to get the entire club
most of them are triple e. and computer en ~ com ~ computer
maybe i don’t know their butle. i know me. i understand it.
my degree fastest in a few years is the slowest in three years.
eh, it seems that they do not have limit. they talk about av ~ the average is the four -year but ten. some people have done ten years.
yes, the first to read the six subjects, six subjects, six 6 and six course
i am the so of the more to digital commit.
i have taken it in english, but he still told me to get one more i think is group teaching because i want to teach the assist to teach so i think in the second year. he wants me to learn some skills of teaching
not reading in singapore does not require singapore-
if you want to read g.r.e. local people may not need
more and more obs ~
i read the secondary five for 11 years.
i can mix
before elementary school, it was ngee-nannn primary then in yi'an primary school
middle school i know how to say tanjong-katong secondary school
why is because i cannot get into temasek
what else is there not needed photos?
many people are quite as incause got
there is no maybe you, if you can
cover four
the wheat porn chicken chicken is delicious. try then is there. i live in hall four
it is very convenient for the current close as in the previous vendors
am i not choosing you cannot choose i mean for hall six where you are passed by?
two people but but get are my primary school friend i know him for how many years alream since primary one
xiaoxue wen i was fifth primary school fifth grade fifth grade
not but we all we all go to like
don't have to have online lecture
usually last sem was sunday but this sem i re i
i only come back on monday morning because there should be a football match on sunday
chinese tutoring, there are usually chinese language to speak chinese
a nineteen -year -old i think the oldest
i already have like it seems that i haven't watched a movie for four months
the last thing i look at is avatar avatar i know when came out but that feels like a very long time that i
the kind of booster pack seems to be pokemon, mewong, and w. w. e. module
there are many things to discuss
every time we go through our like
what is the thing to do plan for in today’s agenda?
which food is more delicious, you can buy for that camp
those program for the camp like for like
because c. e. e. w. e. i.
ah, then i compare the prefer people call me chinese silk wisdom
ah, the time so in english in english
he will definitely boys and girls
then he stopped talking at once
will be called prefer people call me silk wisdom
if they know the name, i don't want to see the same name as shervyn as if they are like others
but last time i thought of irene, and then people did not want to be like others because they were waiting for the case # chee -wei # irene
i amagement, my major in finance
actually i didn't plan to take management like this. i want it
because my mother encourages me to read education
because the teacher's welfare salary
way for a long time, then there are so many holiday
he can teach tuition and then
you can look like him like
but if you do finance
sometimes it ’s better to do it at the end of the moon at 12 o'clock to 12 o'clock.
the choice is all choice because i education is the third place
then you have to interview
because i had test that time, i don’t know that i have to have that start from 200 and 0 years.
if you do n’t get it, first choice u. s. m.
among the management so i prefer to calculate
i will use finance to tell me that many people say that you want to think that finance will be difficult
he just told me how to find a lot of senior and ask me if i was.
speak for speaking and then find a hard work and then the weather now
what do you want to read very deeply at finance
he wants to control the relationship with labour, the relationship with the company management.
make sure his company's labour is consistent with his management
can't be a labour upset this strategy or not like this, how can he affect his performance
so he wants to be unanimously like this.
the factory has no air con very hot
although you do this today, although there are job jobs what job
you can change his rotation like this, but if you do it, it is also the product
i prefer that winter, i prefer winter
then if the marketing marketing is the mouth, the mouth is great, say that speaking
tell the talked to others and then think about those strategy
he has those things to do advertising
then finance is not the leader to teach us investment
our current value of money will be compared now
valuable, your future value
so we will be low in purchasing power
so we have to think of one way invest will go today's today's money money and then inves
those return gives us a high return
we want to think of that analysis
because risk and then i just put it just saving saving in that bank and then will
find the saving rate of those banks
he has some a year to give qiba xian to seven p.
he wants working and how many he earns it like half half
he has half
expenses in his live
some people talk
actually it is different because gambling we are watching lucking
we investst is that we want analyze
then we investment
the best is long term because of long term. if we have
if we have long period, we will make more opportunities because
just cover's interest who returned to short term
if gambling we are watching luck
this time, this time he actually propability, i seem to lose a coin
in fact, his percentage is fifty and fifty, but we think we will guess the public
that is gambling is different from investment
we are now because i am a third year first sem
fake investment, let's buy his cod number to buy that uh
a textbook text book he has a cod inside
then he was the software of stock under's stock track
i genting i invest in my fourteen
because his internet volatize is now because i can only invest in the sector in trading and services
because our teacher said that if we have his own sector investment, it will be chaotic and it will be complicated
five people in a group and then we choose the sector to choose actor. i choose trading and service
i should choose finance and banking of finance at first, because of its current finance and bank
that market it will always be on
it will be more stable. i choose the trading and service
it's very high before, but its one is too volatile
its interest will go up to the last dollar today, it will come down a few corners tomorrow
then genting genting is also on it from ten or 14 yuan to sixteen.
it will become more and more of it until ten, sixteen, and seven.
it said in singapore that he has a casino
but that news was reported by the news
then it went up to sixteen yuan and seven today, fell, and fell tomorrow, so i couldn't exten to him
now it is up and down again.
want to go back to the transaction cost, so
if you want to go back, everyone who earns us greedy is greedy, and then we will
we want to think sometimes
diver ~ diversified
can't buy a stock alone, because stock, our risk, if we buy a stock, we can not be our risk.
there are many people who talk about portfolio seem to be mutual funds.
give it to diversify our risk
we have to follow its news and the annual report of the company who are looking at it
but currently i play stock track, we are
there are list company over there but may not be necessarily
all malaysia's company has it in it. we all have limited limit.
what k. f. c.
some of it have no one.
to invest because it is american's stock market
then there is break from 12 to two o'clock
we invest in the stock trade of that american, so it will be more troublesome
i am strange that those lecturer do do not choose the software of malaysia to play for us because we can really experience it
from 10 to 5 o'clock is our malaysia
there is malays ~ american over there
play this game because we are now
i did n’t play in school for two or three weeks, so when i played that games, it was about a month when i played that games
you can invest in the stock of the interniational but i am still studying now because
after all, because of last year's relationship, its economy
down so's economy is also unstable this year's economy
it will not go there and then go there, so if i am unstable, i will wait for invest directly to download directly at the stock of internetal
i just download it directly because i give us a million and then go directly.
zero basha
take care of our million but we can be million as our own money.
one million, he gave us margin just to tell us lend lend as like
he wants to give us an experience us
reading is very stuffy, very boring so, we did n’t really go to experience to the real stock market so. if he gives us like this
these are the investment.
it will compare we want to take risk
because stock market falls just falling
it seems that investing in stock market if you really want to play in stock market.
that fame, company company company
ah, make sure your money is on each room at the bank survey
it seems that maybank r. h.
see which bank you are more prefer, you can put it in
when i was enable, i thought that i would take finance
because finance
my first my teacher can't get it, and then i want me to be a bank banking
if you do a bank
because if you do other company, you have to do it
because it arrives at its time, it is not stable so
because sometimes you talk about your account today, you have to do midnight
so its time works will not be stable so. i think i think
doing banking
this year is twenty -one to twenty -two. i am july jule
is the maritime arh maritime studies year one, the first year
uh the three semesters of business are all comparison, but this sem more physics maths all this know
uh, no, but he will give some background
uh, we have a lot of law semester.
i don’t know if i don’t know, but i am just afraid of it.
because if they uh, if the trade of the aviation is up, if his freight rate is cheap, it can replace the maritime affairs everyone will use the umport to transport their things
when they find another energy source, they replaced uh fuel then
it will be miserable because that indass is easy to be affected by economy because it is very dependent on the economy, so
it will be afraid of the influence, it is very similar to the recent recession his quite badly hit yah
i don't have marketing
uh, there should be no just repairing the ship. his ports are not big enough, so those professors can tell us that it is quite a seat to build, so singapore is just a center transport and ship brokering. these are these.
the principle is that if that thing wants float, it is his weight to be equal to his buoyancy force.
there will be many kinds of uh different scenarios that seem to be possible
he was not in the center of the ship. he might move to the other side. he was still lift. those will be affected
oh, they are not very clear about actually, but
he has a free surface effect, and he will turn around because it turns around
he will shake the oil and it will be the stability of the ship that will read this.
i don’t know why we have to read these because our job is relatively ugly that is close to others who are more business type.
uh, many people are reading these why they read these
that's how syllabus is like this, but we seem to be going out to work, but we don't need to know these things
it should be that the kind of like to transport things and help him find such things like a boat.
our later year two year three, they will go more in depth so, i do n’t know if it is really needed or just placed there for us
i am at hall six
behind the fatty ring of the previous badminton hall
for kallang airport
i am in catholic j. c. c. j. c. that public education j. c.
uh, i was read, u. u. s.
i transfer to maritime because the market’s market should seem good, so i just take a look at it
there is no c. c. a. but at hall join some activity
it's uh, i am the programmer for my hall's camp is to think of those newcomers to play those newcomers next year.
i am year one
in fact, camp is pretty rigorous, i rarely go to bed every day, and then i always play and play, and then it will have some fixed ulks.
then i think the most special for our hall is that he has one thing called initiation
it's welcoming the new, but his welcoming the new, i think it should be that other hall doesn't have it. he wants
we newcomers, go through, some difficulties seem to be
at 8 o'clock in the morning, because camp is not sleeping
this program and then he wants you to go through some test
then the next one is his name, uh two person, take a watermelon
then there is the watermelon you can only user your back and carry you have to present aginst it
uh, you must not use any hands and hands, and then you have to then, then he will be arrange some table and let you climb those tables
so i'm a bit difficult because i am a bit high yah so i and my partner tool
uh the long time yah so
but in the end, i finished it and then at the end of everything should be quite fun
there is also a very interesting thing
uh, because there are a lot of grass in the hall six, they will have all dig dig the grass up then pour water.
he put a canvass sheet and you and your partner have to down the canvas sheet, so its very mudddy, and then they asked you to do a foolish thing
momorphic from the drain we climb download
so we finally in that pond and then sing these, then play the end of the camp
together, i think it should beryone just want to go home. at that time
it should be 80 for the camp.
because in fact, this is called malayer biz. m ag he raised money. then i heard that he said that it should be almost 20,000.
then there are a lot
the newcomers of next year will be very happy when they get them when they arrive at them, so they are like carry on.
uh, they will organise maybe activities like # karung-guni # is to collect old newspapers and then they will put those old old stuff they sell it to
that is pretty good, and then they will organise party that is the kind of dancing at the nightclub
some people don’t like the money because you make money but not your you just, you come back to your hall
then it takes time to see it.
different people just different
just try to go as much as possible because uh, this biz magnet is my good friend, so i will try to help as much as possible
my neighbor just, he lives next door
every time i speak at hall, i speak very late every time i speak
at the hall
i'm all ugly who has been reading, comparing reading and then when you have time, just talk about about
i also hope that like them are so closer to zhi kai, i should dream, but i want to work hard
we usually look at those who make a lot of money and then look like minister. they all look like a roadmap for they to follow at lead
it's like they get the government's scholarship from j. c. graduate.
actually, i think uh, like studying in university, many people say that it is good, but it may be a bit limit. your future may have been working for people in the future.
because it looks like you have a diploma and then you are very limit. you yourself
there may be a little limiting so to see how the future is.
i think because of no cannot be always under other other people, you should also try how to be a boss administrator.
there is a little bit, isn't the poor quite poor that kind of saying is very rich and then
uh, do n’t worry about what to go to school, so all these things need to be like. etie other auntie uncle is required to help so
i have been more concerned about money since i was a child.
i have a sister.
uh, a chemical company work, so it is not bad. she is not bad now
originally, he was in n. u. s. help others help those professors to do it. those projects and then that no more.
then but her current work is that shift has morning shift, so may
because you are doing shift's give you incentives like transportation, you may have 5,000 if there are more
because in fact, i think, i and her, do n’t want our parents to do it again. is is quite big.
that kind of pilot is for that kind of good life, but
uh, the requirements very stringent is that they choose you
their they you must go through a lot of tests, and then go through
don't want you, because they want people very well, maybe you have never known that they want you, but actually they have earmark, you are their own people
because many people want to engage in this line, it is good to make yah
but to fly around, it may be miss your family
can't i think may be because boys are like this
because the boys are big, now we read the same year with us two year
but you can’t talk about this way because different ideas are different boys and girls is different i think
i am, my j. c. the opposite soldiers were the soldiers.
so after b. m.
so my boss is a very uh, very big rank
his rank is very big, so i am actually just his secretary like this, and then
help uh, arrange his schedule, and listen to his phone call
in fact, nothing much so i can say it was a waste of two years
because my department is only me and my boss, and then
i am also i think, he don’t dare to ask me to do so
it won't be very similar to n. s. no contribution is so sorry for singapore
because it is too boring, there is have to do that, otherwise it is actually in n. s.
most people can flash just, um yah yah
because in fact, those regulars will be try to
it should be done for many years, so i am too lazy to do it, so just call the n. s. just keep doing and doing like
it's a national service that is the people of the people in service
but police is quite quite compaled to army.
maybe robbery or
then you will learn this kind of thing and then listen to you
your o.
some n. s. go back, but i didn't have any turn to me group
they are all the kinds of patrols who are often departed by deploy to this kinds of events and f. one
they did not ask me they never call me so
compared with realization, it will not be like that kind of army. maybe they fight in jungle every day, but fighting is a battle you never will come.
i learned because i work in an office what, so i will have officeics
even if you are working very well, how can you know how to work very well?
not good for you not nice for you so
well, learn how to communicate with others, but i communicate with mine communication skills, so i still have to improve yah
chinese and friends speak english, but my english is not good.
that kind of bad words can talk about it, but it ’s uh, uh speak
that kind of common words will not be like the like will be stutter
for middle school, other language is not good if it is bad
yes, i actually have in j. c.
later, ucause j. c. to army for a while is empty. he is waiting for enlist what so
at that time, i changed it and i didn't talk about it, but as soon as i went in, i police, and i came back again and i haven't changed it now.
we should be underandable so.
i'm working because of my uncle
uh, he and his friend open have venture business venture because his friend is designing that kind of fish tank. you know, have you ever seen the kind of fish tank but its just mounted on the wall?
it is also the kind of fish farming, but the kind of aesthetic, so they opened this kind of shop in marina square so, i went to sell things
but that business is very poor the business is poor
how much is an actually product that is a luxury product very similar to
it may be like a car like a car, but there is no car.
uh he is not cheap not cheap and
uh, people watched like you got guests at home. they would be comfortable when they saw it. the beautiful thing that was out the business was not very good.
the business over there is better than marina square marina square
i think the price is the main factor
uh, that the thing is good that, he don’t have to push that water like that the fish is always like it and change the water
he just needs live
because he has a gauge so that water below, then you have to add water
he has a pump, he has a pump yah but then i don’t understand how it works
actually, my i forget how it work, you add that water, so yah yah
in fact, i think fish raising is not easy to clean up his
hmm to i think not easy
you come back at work, then i think not easy still wants to eat. these meals are more important.
that's the problem that the water is that, so you have already culture. your water. don't use that kind of seawater or something. then you add those things.
you have to be incur counts, so your water will ask people to help you culture, then you just put it in, so it should be okay.
this camp's biz magnet is also his so
your future employers depends on your resume.
but if this thing is successful, you will also send it right, right?
it's very much like maybe, that's iphone, and then you will call that person's phone call is what kind of person's call is
in fact, how works is the algorithm
because last sem, i have an elective is cyber security
then there is algorithm and algorithm is those numbers is it okay then what are the encrife.
this is very cool
very cool and cool
actually, i and i have been seen that each other has seen each other.
coincidentally, it was time to get hall six.
so in the end is quite good friends, so interesting quite interesting yah
the way they teach is to teach us in english or use chinese so
then my coach is compared because zhikai primary school has played and then it seems that there is a step above us and my school is because i am
uh, the second batch he founded it.
many players will not play at the beginning, so i have to teach us how to hold the racket from scratch.there are people caught up with so i think good
because you are already at the starting point, everyone runs fifty metre. so you have to chase
there is disadvantage, but
that process should be quite fun, you go to chase people
but when maybe arrives n. s. i play less and then played
so badminton is no longer as important as before. maybe after the class, you may rush to the hall to play at that get out of class.
no now, there is no such passionate year yah
now because the sports in singapore should have nothing and can not develop yah so
actually, my school brothers have my juniors they enter the national team and then
in fact, the national team has the kind of juvenile team. these so -of -young teams are national teams.
their salary may be every month
i don't know before i don't know before, i won't say a lot because they are not the top players or like susilo like susilo
but i think and they are endorsement like
uh, make money those sponsorship will make a little more money, but
i actually really understand why they are in this regard they are
uh, go to other kinds of players in china or the other kind of indonesian player.
so you have to catch up with their not ~ not easy because singapore ’s children also have to read study a lot of activities so, not like other countries children, just, they have been playing and playing.
they get up in the morning and play the ball and then eat so they just just keep playing badminton every day to continue so every day is different.
so sports may be just a recreation for me
i won’t think about who you want to win, who has no such ambition?
there is no kind of passion, there is no kind of passion.
so far, it is used in a stage
that is to say, because there are too many recent paper just publish
many pa ~ the same title fu ~ very close in publish
so it depends on where their contribution is there, i want redefine to pass my contribution, otherwise they will not give me grad
now i still have a project is on osteosarcoma image
so i will test on these two images
how does end result make it get into the segmentation medical image segmentation of proper?
what approach
there is also osteosarcoma, are you talking about osteosarcoma as a bone cancer that we seem to have?
it will grow on the feet and it will grow tumors
they are all manually
now project is to help them get them quickly and segment.
i won’t say that there will be a mistake because of the person's hands, and if you look at more than two hundred image, it will be more slow.
so if you use algorithm, you can solve all things in five to ten minutes.
so this is this image
the right varies so it is mine
my algorithm will be compared to generalise, that is, it is more able to apply apply
i am more general.
because for for example medical image
if you are, it has different requirements
because it seems to have shading people talked about inhomogeneity
but you will be more caps than ordinary algorithm than ordinary that kind of algorithm ~ comparing capture to stabl
your brain state is compared with stress on those
i know ostosarcoma is your number of clustering different number of cluster
that's how i am actually not very good
there are too many inside in and out of that osto because the main ones
calculating students also on the way come in and do it. he wants to do p. h. d.
doing this kind of thing, i don’t go in that area # ko # just
just watch those images
because it seems like ordinary images
let's talk about except for medical image and nature image
i feel that it feels different from inhomogeneity to be closer to the medical image
he has no specific i contribu
he is intention.
so i define a title, so he thinks okay then, he will leave me away
but i used to have a few suggest
i want to do method, but he feels that because it is not enough for contribution and i think many people can easily overlap your stuff, so he don’t do it for me
just now seeing some algorithm is pretty okay
so use its then plus my calculation method
because there is also a formula objectization function then my ob ~ my contribution is in objective function
so i don't need to find another kernelise function
my contribution is in kernelise its then others have already done it that no one has done it.
i put it from hybrid and add my kernel ~ kernelise it
so theretically will be compared with improve
but there is no test to something
it is there where it is there, so i just apply my algori ~ find my algorithm on these images
so this algorithm does not necessarily works on its notural image
some people also use that kind of hidden markov
there are very big improvement because it has it to remember some hiddenship
because it ’s just for fuzzy, it is just your image. information then hidden markov, you have added other unknown information.
how to derive is talking
how to segment
it is just con ~ concentrate on that intensity value
however, there are some of us who can define some cluster center
so it will have that if it is finish and its iteration
it goes to segmentation's part is from the rom's relationship.
it belongs to that segment
so there is no shape without saying that it must be this shape
you are only after segment, you will see that shape
because my algorithm is a support any images with that intensity value
it’s not clear that i know that so fary can run. there are two or three.
how do we now all the research into working end product so that research is not just over there to see
in fact, it will not be because we are our main one.
just make some minor setting, it will not be troublesome
its main software is good, because it can be able to plugin
can't say to be a big model
now we use java based on java
otherwise, they will use compiler compile to enter java based
it may be with you discuss, which may be a month or two.
we have this image then, i don’t understand this image then i send, i will open a forum like this
all people join come in discuss
it's online scene
waiting for you, you draw a painting with you, you are discus. wait for you, you know what this thing is
can you just drive just set up?
so it's very active all people are on packing up then.
so you may have to make a pre launch.
the problem is that there is no way for bug bug. you click. these run can't be those that are your first stage.
maybe he gives us some knowledge because we also want to do some knowledge trans ~ trans ~ how to talk about tacit knowledge to explicit knowledge
mainly, this is always on modify's algorithm
how to say extra data
you can be as if that doctor is already identified this area, there are something
there may be this tumour thenen. he calls us algori ~ we can give him highlight those area that directly run that algorithm for that area.
so it will be more account
but those doctors who need to compare expert because some doctors do not like learn's new knowledge
so they don't like to go to click to go to click and go to the image.
so we compare automatic-based
we are in e-health category apita in apita e-health category
because previous year, we have taken one to take the game, but we enter the wrong category into software category, so
everything is with us compete
there is an algorithm that is that senior in # miccai # 有 有 有 how high
how do they go to the mind of segment's mind?
so it is more recognized and his stuff is already ready.
it is standardised data standard data dataset then. you talk about your algorithm.
i have a set image all the people who run like this.
he runs your result and give him all the evaluate.
what kind of event or activity will you have in chinese new year?
that is, every like female general of the family will go there to cook the rice there to cook for meals.
then i have a uncle. he is
it's changi point changi jetty there is grabbing some
because he often goes to the changi point, go fishing.
that is, he and the hawker store keepers over there are very friendly so he wants him every time he
so every time most of them will yeah have crabs.
fresh fish then, sometimes he will just like
give us all the time that there is light home to cookay and eat then, because it is fresh, it is delicious and delicious.
i think it is very rich and very rich, then actually actually.
it's all full of close, the one named samantha why
when those women go to my grandma's house to cook rice, then we sometimes follow
one of my auntie, he asked me to go downstairs with my cousin to buy some ingredients ingredients
you, you can pay first you can pay now, you can take back then the remaining money, just take it back and take it back
after that, then she also know the the english translation for it, in the end he took that sp ~ that spice came over to see us that we knew that it was star -nise.
bai guo go back to then he wants to take those the money that we will, and you want to take it back to the shopkeeper then, i will # boh # # boh-chap #
because at that time, we also bought mi then rice very important. we bought five k. g.
after i went back and took then, i took that ginkgo and went back to then to change that star -nise thenen
it's area for a long time that kind of chi ~ sh ~ resident yeah then
he also knows our year yeah very nice person
because christmas also went back to see grandparents then passing through that barber shop.
after gathered the reunion dinner then
then the first day of the first day, yeah is also the man who goes to the patestal grandparents family to pay a red envelope and then get a red envelope.
we are all very much like to play with these small cousin
of course, eating new year goodies will have the eight treasure box eight treasure box you know the hexagonal shape
there will be yeah and some people will take melon seeds because my family's family is full of then who likes to eat melon seeds.
because my paternal grandma grandma actually has died of two grandpa that i have died of two grandpa.
my generation has about nine siblings. yeah is also a big.
most of them are lunch then, maybe dinner may be dinner, if you want stay for dinner, you will have for dinner then but most people go early
the second year is maternal grandma, but i tell you one thing with you. don't like to go to or anything
my maternal grandma is a little dementia.
in the past, we went to nursing home like visit, because my mother side siblings is not many of his ppb only two brothers, only elder brother, elder brother
it is because they all live a long way, so they gather together with also very difficult visit grandmother
sometimes that time will not coincide at that time
because my mother is the only daghter on of her of her mother my grandma, so she will cook some food that compares enriching for me.
every time we come, they will also give ang bao and so on. they will also talk to us about about our grandma
the second grade of yeah then
this year this year may be better for me grandma because i mean can go home at home. you know and a family sit at the table.
for them, the butther than that is the third grade.
on the last day of the new year, or something like that year
that day we also gathered together for the celebrate lantern festival
just with family gathering and other festival may be
i don’t understand the dragon boat festival.
or do you buy any other foods in the mid -autumn festival and give it to paternal grandma
but i think very is a pity that is that now only of the lantern are like electric use electricity to give the light one
there is that kind of special kind of feeling. you are the kind of you who ordered the candle yourself to succeed.
although you can do a lot of variety's shape or cartoon characters but, you think the traditional lantern is compared
every time the mid -autumn festival, i will buy that sparkler then light that sparkler, and then in the air, like this in the air like like draw stuff and all that like
there was no but one time it was really environmental hazard, although though
there are some spares at home, then we want to use it quickly, otherwise it will not understand how long it takes to receive.
the field grass that is pretty hot is the very dry year yeah but but. we have always lost it.
people like to throw the west and throw the west, and use that cardboard to go to fan to drop that fire
no one asked question, so after that after, nothing alreamy
it should be that we all our family is more traditional that there are chinese feastals.
there is no just to have a friend outing, because i don't have it to us
it's not the first time that this happened with as in yeah, it's not the first time i think then
that is, our women, we saturday sunday will have their own things, they will have their own things
there will be some empty people, then they will gather together, that is then h. t. h. t.
it's about 10 o'clock in the evening before eating.
i am now mostly i go.
many people are eating in before us and then we are out in the end in the end in the end. we still have to wait until more than 10 o'clock.
i think it's pretty word it because of the long time and i mean, although we are the same n. t. u.
take taxi home so, we just walk away from that holland village, vicinity, because there was the football match at that time
we have a little pub to drink liquor yeah then. those names are very funny. we are because my o. g.
in short, there are many, many kinds of cocktail's names have the butx of sexual terms in it
okay
i am more difficult, but i may feel some dizziness or what a ~ and but.
it should not be dizzy because you know drink alcohol thenen sometimes, can you drink milk in order to solve the alcohol poison that?
there is such a saying that i called baileys with coffee liquor with milk, so that's not bad
there is no but not to compare the internet in such thing in cocktail because after all, last time i am in t. c. c. i worked for about a year
this also see your preference is preferred because i prefer the sweeter, so coffee liquor seems to be kalua because he is made with coffee
drink is often drink because it is also o. g.'s relationship because it is okay freshman orientation camp then our o. g. leaders will introduce. just
they have the steamboat appratus, so our then their parents is very nice and let him hold the like small new year with the steamboat appratus then then. we went to buy vodka downstairs and bought vodka backstairs. waiting for i think him
we will take turns and some people will not fight, so it is usually the loser to change out of the seat
because truth or dare thenn is saying thing that propably, they should not say that one is also a drink to go vomit. at that time
one little you will red alreamy
especially red wine with wine
drink not even the
you can also so far because i know this
but take ielts to give masters actually
but it is also more of an experience
i can because i think it's not good to drag me and my me is because my writing
i spend too much time erasing
also, because i am busy in my grand parents position now, i don’t think about it now to get a course
no not that many interests like businesss
but because i read in our degree
but our thoughs our busin ~ walkdry surface
but what we do is very in depth until. we have an assignment on business plan. i ask my friends in business degree’s
it is the criteria he taught us so he wants
because it is difficult for him to be like business
you can also read a lot of motivation books to improve yourself
i went to my house to find the motivity books. there was a my former i bought it.
that book is how to close the sales
many of my home like motivity books
reading itepends if is all the things like ultimately. you have to think that you have that interest to change yourself
personal meaning
because when wen waits for s. t. p. m's results
well, i have worked with starbucks for a few months
um, but when i do as a barista
sales meaning
the most important thing is that it is confident if you are confident in a problem. he also thinks that product is very good
the worst thing you talk about is good, very good, he also thinks that product is also very good
you have to find a good so i have that confidence that i can buy a thing that is not good
what travel plan
my brother asked me because he was almost going to the holland for training for one month
then he asked me and asked me to go with him. i want to go with him
in april, i have to pay for flight tickt
i have no agree because of one month, where i am going there, where are i going?
for so i haven't gone to agree and because i want it
it's also time to find a job so
then i want to see it, i want to go
he and his friend intend to go to italy since
go to travele
he should do it well because he has a few manths ago. he tells me that he has pay raise
it ’s work, but you have to do a better position so.
how long does he see that he has a relatively long offe day and he will come back so so
because all people still have job so, they can't put all, and then go to go
you can take leave, but i'm still here
then i think maybe will be too cold
really my life is very boring, nothing to talk about
i haven't seen animation for a long time
one piece
does anyone have nami luffy chopper
seeing that luffy's brother was arrested
look at that d. d. see without that d. v. d. i didn't get it to see
then when i watched it, i heard a new episode i like # kia # hurry up and see
because luffy he is very lumber very relax
then i also like sanji because he is very because he is very
because i didn't look at the earlier episode so
the favorite is at that time
i think the most funny thing is when each of that crew mate
going to outcasted to different island
that episode
then there is an episode that should be
i know that everyone also tells me that it is robin episode
he went to super and went to the register of li jun.
then i said that no, no, the protagonist has not yet arrived on the way there
without her just buying a dress to buy in singapore
her creemony her ceremony okay quite sweet
those and then her mother was very funny. her mother said that she forgot what state was put in singapore, but there was that kind of photostat copy like this and then put it over there.
that person taught the host and said that the reason why he wanted him to want that. c. it was because he had a case before
do they seem to be the foreigner or the locals, do they know, and then they give that fake i. c. do you know?
when you do the process of those verificaon
after all, agree has signed and then signed by both parents.
then they talked about what the groom would do to that to that bride
because proposal is very important
he goes to one year
he went to one year because his shell and his agreement was one year
give him the if five times one time one year
hahita does it know if it is wife, will it have add on his amount? i don’t sure
uh, wu zhong went to the 15th of the 15th on january 15th, january 15th, the 15th of the 15th of the 15th
uh, i plan to set wine two oh one oh two oh one two
save money first and then just li jun will go there to find job
if you can't find job
how do you seem to soak coffee
how do you learn all those things because of one year, no point if, you just find a job, just find it.
i couldn't find it anymore, and li jun, she did not go so fast, she did not go so soon
she wants stay aftilafter chinese new year and then then before
after five years, i can't see the two thousand zeros.
there are two course mate of our friend li jun's best friend
then one is the senior of wuzhong course mate
it should be those houses that i mean i think s ~ shell will arrange arrange those embaloyee houses to give him
uh, he is a bag and may not be eaten.
didn't take euro
it's just the range of malaysia's sarary, is it just that he is going to get in currency
i am myself, i just went to holiday back and came back
because now is clear leave season
we have plan, where are those hotels going?
it's just that i went with guochun to but
i found that it was too expensive, so we would fall off this planning
when i go to geting, i get flu, so i did n’t go to the activity of the outdoor outdoor. i am in it. i am in it.
no k. l. let's go for two days.
uh, live there, near ikea
then we drove by ourselves not by bus
then go there to play there is a good but very tired because you wake up early in the morning and then get up at night
it's not morning around se ~ six thirty to and then to k. l. around
at eleven o'clock, we go to ikea ikea to buy things to buy those kitchen things to use
it can be pocked by yourself because it is you who go to fix yourself
then go to eat their famous's curry puff
a lot of it is okay is good
then his friend took us to eat those k. l.
spend more money, the two of us, around thousand plus but because we are living in his friend's house for two days
go up to genting. at that time, rain was very cold.
or you take the either one of the outdoor
then we went to town over the end of it.
after 12 o'clock, we go to the coffee terrace, yes, i recomed
because it has it different, it has different things. do you have chinese food?
it has asian food and then and western food. it has four choice for you to choose
it is a buffet style
it is normal's people.
because it is thirty -five and then you buy the bus ticket to buy that lunch
when i was gone at that time, it was monday, do you know?
i play those activity
yes, go to play that game first, you okay fun enjoy
it's a stress like working life, right? we must play something to release that tension
we will return as after that
uh, no one lives, we have passed cameron-highland because we are using a new way
he does not give us book because uh, that may be peak consider peak season
in this way, some seem to seem to be equatorial to half -mountain equatorial hotel then.
because it is a way, one way is like this
uh, when i came back, jam returned because there was an account and then
go to strawberry farm
go to those tea farm to those rose, and then there are
the big and then inside the # pasar-malam # there is also fun fair over there
now they said because they are now holiday year end and then they have every day
because it is cold again and then you look at that view on the height of high altitude
then eat you in such a cold place you eat those fried things seem to be like fried the vegetable
what kind of ghosts are those from those who eat mushroom very good
uh, i will definitely go to eat the shark fin there and then buy its dishes cheaply
what else do we eat that strawberry ice-cream
without that one, it looks like an ice bar. and then, he puts strawberry in
he should be blend.
no one is the sweetness of nature
it is not uh, sugar, not it is the kind of natural
uh, the sweetness of the fruit rather than the facts of the add-on those sugar is not.
uh, it should be said that three of the three trips there are all spending money
because you leave cameron, you are
then cameron tells it that it will not be too extensive because it is because it is
just buy those vegetables vege ~ frighter. compare and k. l. it will be more expensive
then we went to a delicious and delicious board. we are on the morning and the afternoon lunch in the morning.
there is no computer before the computer.
before i was about to come, i went to play star cract star cract and i was still playing with now
then you want to play with friends, you can't play skirmish mode
if you don’t play with your friends, you can only play dota if you play with friends
after buying a product key, you can be online online, you can play star craft in the world
unlike you talk about the kind of more more more to online game every month, the kind of r. p. g. game
it’s not that he is single player. you can also be online can play at home or you can also play with friends.
that is not that that more to say that you may be like a world of war craft world of war craft. people in the world are link. create themselves.
finding something is online game. star craft has its own story. single player can play
it was originally offline game. before i came from the sixth grade, i started playing this game from the sixth grade
but now we are all download
because now download can be directly download to buy and it is troublesome to download directly.
i don’t play red alert
before i play age of empire
in fact, playing at home is really pretty # sian # so most of the time is usually playing with friends with friends on saturday to play with friends with friends.
then i usually look at u. k.
going there to watch the main big production of the drama, there are all kinds of dramas, every time iron man, those who are relatively large plays will watch
or the kind of comedy will look at the kind of the animation series series, and it is possible that harry porter may go to see harry potter late.
then now resident evil is going to be wrong, then the kind of toy story is also a series to go to the third.
i watched heroes in the us series c. s. i. i didn’t watch that kind of series
then i went to see it after i liked it.
he, i followed him, just when he came out, i went to download and watched it after watching it. wait for the next episode.
it’s not so tired if you have passed down from one to six miles once you want me to see if i think i will go crazy
now just look at anime and see manga.
which naruto one piece, i haven't seen many people see because of one piece, i am lazy and i look at too much from the beginning. naruto is too far.
i must look at it from the first episode to have a feeling of compliment. i also look at it from the first episode.
yes, but naruto, i am from anime and i won't look at it from the comics, but it is annoying anime. i see it for a while, because he has been thinking about it, sometimes he has been thinking about it.
extra, who is more associated with him
we don't rarely eat, he talks about okay okay
he then eat hot pot in malaysia
then we talk about okay to try testing
going to winter like this in autumn
then he will be colder and then eat steamboat
my relatives ask me that the relatives of the chinese chinese will ask me
at four or five in the afternoon tea, we did not have malaysia
when you change dinner, you can change dinner time and then them
at that time, they seemed to be our early point of our malaysia
when i came here, i told him that this was my early point of my malaysia
i don't know how long and many we are on the diety triple of our side.
i told him that my porridge, i don’t know if i have eaten two, because everyone goes in.
his meat is different from malaysia's meat
it's different, he tastes softer, malaysia is harder
then he's in short, the taste of their things will be a little different from malaysia
ah every time there are those creemony awards ceremonies
show with ten fifteen minutes.
here, round passed the past.
the subway on the subway over there is very convenient
the photos have the music
but his guard security guard lives every time you live in me
then if he has the ability to do it in shopping center in shopping center
there are camera, which is more pro
when the security guard sees us
he has always followed it.
one piece of t. shirt doesn't know thousands
hong kong hong-kong room house house small room
they are very small, but they are not permanent.
if you can buy a large room in malaysia, you can buy a large room and permanent
still my mother, my son, and daughter have some double decker in the same room.
there is no room first sem
we now standy and working are two different things to come so so
our study's things may not be related to our working
i will get different experience
p. c. fair before before
do you want to go to the station p. c. fair is so hard
i think i can gain experience. he gave me 80 yuan and 80 yuan.
i just want okay, i can go to me, just promise
because p. c. fair is the sale of p. c. fair this time
compared with high tech things, some things i have not touched, i said okay, i won't go to training
i won't go to customer to talk to him about the internet communicate. i probably know
then i don’t know that thing is that that thing is
i have been in contact with me just knowing h. t. c. there is this brand
you have to connect to the function inside
do i do, do n’t go to the station p. c. fair
i just want to be interact
i am also final year. next time, i can do it. i can’t go to the station.
i'm enough every time i testing
i originally wanted try to have no one, where did i know that hard work?
those shopping center, but the different things are from different things, selling clothes. this is handphone selling handphone
different from the last time you did part time.
you part time are different
if you do the long time work of long time, he will not allow you to do part time
if you want to part time, he thought you were going
he has fix writing that you must not have other jobs on that agreement
some companies certain's company
it seems that my sister has worked in this way, he has a list with her
if you know what you have a workmanship outside, you will be fired by me.
because there will be some companies, don't clash to reach this
i mean you will not be so hard to ask you to do long time in the future. you can do part time again
come back to sleep
you are also studying
my mother also don’t want to go to me to tell me about h. one none
she will talk about her daughter who wants experience
is it possible to apply?
its guests will not have a lot of but my enjoy, the environment
it is almost like you. of corse is more expensive than the rate but of penang. it is about a bowl of four or five yuan.
i think it is difficult to find it in penang because it has it because it is also added on those curry
it doesn’t know that there is but. i think it has its unique there.
slowly, plan wants plan to go to hong kong and taiwan those maybe
uh, i'm busy now, uh, i am married to get married dinner
because its wedding planner is not inclusive, the dinner, do you know, do you know? you still have to find the outside.
so find out what is out outside
then it will give a list of menu and then there is an uh in it.
then he gives you a few choice a b c, then you go to decide, what do you want?
or there are some as if you go to those clubs, what do they ask for or your developer, your house deverter.
or is you going to the wedding planner, he will recommend, because they have done a lot of them have contactal
compared with clear cut because he has two or two method, one is that you marry a bride and ask again at night
my mother called me honeymoon
she said she didn't need to go to this replace honeymoon
the wedding dress should be april or may end of april or early of may
do facial
very miserable now i can't make up for how much i eat the work
very miserable and the skin is very dry
for me, i forgot to tell you that li jun asked me to go to the restauurant to eat near that auto-city
that food not bad, you can consider in the future
about a table is probably the package she took yesterday was artid four hundred something
she invites two tables to invite us to her relative and us
it's just her completely different from paradise paradise hotel. it's not delicious. she is delicious.
its server is the food very # keng # of ordinary normal service but its
when we went, the consider was eleven o'clock
then some people are still in breakfast and then breakfast it has a provide dim-sum. it is also very famous.
there are also two in the five blessings at the first table of our first table.
and it ’s a big portion, do you know?
when you eat the third to fourth, you already seem to be almost full
when fried rice came behind, do not eat it.
without her, she wants her to give her the parents guer's home in # raja-uda #
after eating and replenishing the energy back, i have to take care of her baby
uh, then li guiyin may want breast feed like this
uh, it's hard and then actively keep fit. she said that it's still fat now
it should be such a thing. i think she may have a little cream.
no inform her
because it is very rush, because she wants to get married for apply visa
i have heard that people said that it is the around one week. you have to put your photo and you in that registry.
in the future, i have experience. i told you that i don’t know yet
then when you go to k. l when you go to k. l, you buy those new year clothes. did you buy it?
i bought it, but i bought a lot of spend
the good fashion has no me to buy, it's all big size
you can also wear it back when you pregnant
no mean is fat, do you know, now even drinking water is sometimes fat
very fat then, and there is very few exercise, and then eat more and sometimes eat supper again
then now i want to actively keep fit to control keep fit
try not to eat too many kinds of fried things
then don't eat that kind of hot things, the most important thing to eat a little more fiber can be full and then it can digest a bit more
no me to eat those fruit from fiber to eat a little more like this
then try not to go to touch as much as possible
i have no pains
i don't know if his parents may have subsidize a little bit
then after that, you have to buy those gifts
i only bought the wine with him in the first two weeks. hennessy
it's the girl, then the girl, then the girl wants to give the boy a bottle, uh want return like a etiquette
there are still many things to buy but have to buy but a lot of things to buy but
because you go there, you want to return back there and it is also a heavy
the butle of depends, i think i am going to be month earlier
if you want to spend a lot of money, now i want save money, i don’t know how to save and then low again
in fact, there seems to be no such ppb) sad
you changed to permanent, do you have an increase, you don’t have any because you haven’t arrived in one year
after you do it for a month, he will convert you to do permanent
does many people take package?
do you know my boss?
he didn't take package away
this should be korea’s jamie
you mean current
i know i'm because of my now buyer job, i changed the new buyer job
then he thinks he can't stand it because he is now crisis mode, and now his order suddenly boom up
that is, he does not have that head count
and because i am a buyer from, the day and jabil size, and then jabil is semi.
then they have capacity capacity constraint, and then all their products are screw up up
can't be built
one is capacity conceern, and the one is that material cannot be coming in. they do not kick so other material. he cannot run his product
then we are very stress here and there are escity and then
those material is its maker as if air roll them all have constraint because many order comes
uh, it seems that you are let say, you want to be a p. ca like a printended public printem of circuit
those components have their own sublier and then every supporter lead time.
you may have been here, this is not here yet to wait, the jabil system is like this
so there is always repeat repeat
because it is disney and its major is in mickey mouse
followed by those groups are the certain area of those places in limited
the group's pair is followed by tour
haven't been to backpack
it is europe because they seem to be on the cover
is it italy or those things that seem to be more on the monuments of more on the monuments.
i didn’t say that you asked you to sit in budget. most of them are on economy
didn't say that those big heads that are compared with special should have long -term flights to take those business class
i know, but he said that because you are going to travel
the previous preparation is very good for you, so you want prepare.
you also want a book well, how do you want to go, what do you want?
if you have good or bad, you are like it, but you have to say that you have to package it yourself.
it has one that means that it is just that it has a subway just round's area around those tokyo
that is to say, it is just go round and round, so you go to the subway, you seem to say that because it has two directions, because it has two directions
this one i know my previous colleague is now working in shanghai and tells me to tell me
because most of my handphone is used to answer the phone, there is no need for those very special things.
no other hobbies
reading the book and then means that we took my mother to go out to buy food like this.
occasionally, i go to gathering like this occasionally
then there is western food and then korea food and then there are japanese food
i haven't had a japanese meal and korean food recently because i have just went to eat japanese meals and korean food recently.
oh, that is the korean barbecue more to eat barbecue
see what you ordered you because of the boiled pig because you eat korean cuisine. most of them are more on barbeque.
so try its barbecue is fresh and delicious. then there are many small dishes to eat barbecue with those dishes to eat like this.
they eat barbecue and then eat those kimchi or other small dishes.
well, i have eaten barbeque like japan.
it's not barbeque, they just say that they can be baked directly like this and then korea is baked in front of you
i don't have any entertainment at night.
but we went home early without any shows and then the shopping center was closed early
five o'clock is public holiday. usually he has nine o'clock. then those people are there. you will see that there are many people who drink there at night.
the place in the suburbs was before, what phillip island i was talking
but he is him, uh, give you a platform, you have been sitting in that platform from you and then you see that it will be that kind of penguin.
it depends on the luck, you can't see luck because sometimes you wait there and wait until the sky is dark. it does not come out.
going to phillips-island is the most important thing to see that
it feels like because i feel colder there and i feel that i never thought i was close to that penguin like this
ah it will pass just that you are in a platform. they will slowly come up and slowly come up and then you can see it like this.
then it took a day to go there for a day, because i had to drive, and then halfway, i went to that farm like a small one.
i don’t know how to say, in fact, it ’s very rarely cow.
no one is included in package
because we originally planned to go to the self-drive, and then thought that i would not wait and wait for the wrong way and wast the time. so we would participate in that day trip
then we first participated in a day, and then we felt good after that, so we took package with package. at that time
then he gives you four or five places to choose you and choose three places.
that's right, the money over there, uh, three hundred and ninety, but we think okay and then uh
it ’s the next day, the next day, we seem to go to the great ocean road to see that stone. i have a beautiful photo.
before we had survey to the information, and now we have become less and less because the waves have been fighting. now it seems that there are only nine left.
of course it is giving money to see, but what we prefer is that we went to the ballarat ballarat, which was used to gold
that is actually it.
they have it, there are restaurants with cut hair, the bread shop restaurant also has the fire station like a small town
then i wear the previous clothes over there, and some of them do cake there and some.i feel very special
then after that, we went to take the oldest steam train. in fact, there is no special. it's just that the train is very slow.
it has a lot of stations. you can sit up, but we don't think there is any special so just sitting for one stop and then we have to go to the yarra-valley yarra-valley.
strange otherwise, then i feel that ya is neat in rows in rows in a row
taiwan’s trip taiwan’s trip is relatively long, i am a little blurred bali bali
three different lives one is a kuta city like the city. then there is a little more than the city # ulu # a little bit
in the evening, there is nothing to do at night, and there is nothing to entertainment. they are also drinking the roadside. bar. then i did n’t see pub.
yes, and because we are going to go again for many days, there are only a few so so we go to a few places in a day, so it is eliminated so
in fact, i think it's boring for many days. in fact, it can be shortened in four days. okay is okay. i think
i got up early and watched it very early. then there were three or three hours before town i think, so we are overnight. then the next day is about five o'clock.
it's just that we are lucky that day. we saw a lot of dolphin. the person who took us to the sea and said, uh, may not have a dolphin all day, so there is no dolphin all morning.we see all hundreds of dolphin
seeing and watching the sunrise by the way, there is nothing there. in fact, there is nothing to look at dolphin.
he has that kind of at night and there seems to be a lot of shops that are open.
uh, there are more shops there and that spa, then we have to try to do spa
eh, it is actually you can choose a lot of package, and then the one i chose is two hours. he has to help you body scrub and then there is any uh.
then uh, you can actually choose a lot. you can choose hair. there are facial and then there are then. then, because we think we have taken so many days because we do that spa on the last day
so i have to go to relax relax for so many days. the body is like a lot of dead skin because you know if you know the body.
then uh, he helped you to wipe you. you can choose oil or cream because we feel that oil seems to be very # geli #, so then we choose cream. then he will help you choose milk.
then he helped you apply it first, help you, then massage you and massage, so you can help you scrub for about two hours.
then don’t get used to the woman, otherwise you will die, then get it for two hours, so then you will talk about it.
no so impregnating shower
very relax
i forgot the real amount, no more than, just
for less than hundredred to me, i think more. choose more.
yes, and those who are actually different from that body scrub
yes, i feel that i can go to try more times next time
not buddhism nor or not christian
it should be buddha
in fact, i think the food over there is quite expensive, then okay, but he is delicious, but the peppers are delicious. i think
my name is nick yeo
uh, i don’t want to laugh after i talk about the first thing.
i watched a t. v. show when i was eight years old
it should be a realith t. v. show two countes
i don’t understand what is t. v. show but
this man's nick carter’s nick carter doesn’t understand which band's butless handsome then i
there will be five people on the street that there will be five people in right.
because that actor is very handsome so to call yourself nick, you will become handsome
if you are unfamiliar, you call me nick. those who are more familiar than me are better than me.
up to up to each person
if you want to put so
just without then, just common is just put three names
i started to call myself nick from uh j. c.
one intolduce is that i am wei jie, this is how i said
i have never been there with wild.
big inactive not not sport active
uh martial arts i join in martial arts
that is to say uh break
just our timing clash with netball
pretty interesting
there is one thing not normal is our family
then i talk about my family my family, so many things to talk about
that is to say right
my pa means
that is to say, they are very open in whatever they want to say
uh, right this one recording right then he will put it inside
very nice.
because all men are a man, if there is a daughter, my daughter is not changed
the same it is the ame i think item it applies to all
just entered yeah
uh, like me tampines j. c. we are all the same
without primary school, j. secondary school is different.
uh, no him go to u. unit
pass out
to him in army what
he is not o. r. d. what
for four months ago, he just entered the soldie
all of the relatives for then
without me shopping, i don’t understand but, i think i me shopping or me
right when i am on the outside, i was with my relative
my aundy
rarely you t. v. you will see
my family actually has a lot of things to talk about but don’t understand
her named tessa tessa t. e. s. s. a. tessa
i don't understand her name is tessa so when someone asks him when he asked him
when he said he asked him, your nie, your one should be counted as niece to them
how are your niece men or women who talk about women?
he talked about his name and he talked about his name testa
it's a close.
my girlfriend my girlfriend is still waiting for me
before before the s. a. r. s. period
it's every weekend every star every week
there are things like to play or picnic
speaking of girlfriend, i am waiting for my niece
different surname is different
without her, she called me boyfriend before
she is now six -year -old but she is very sensible.
no butre, learn hoakkiikiitwhat beecause hok she i mean dialect what
uh, the ability of actually i think, the ability of children for children, it is that age six years old that age
she will cycle in one minute
her family is very rich every day holiday make everyday holiday her birthday will take her to gold coast where to take her to
because he doesn't understand them, they are very expensive.
children go to play yeah
no is quite competitive i heard
shanghai and no shanghai and beijing will become will be quite competitive because shanghai university and beijing university are the best what
suzhou not much
i interview like this, what do you want to ask for your interview
uh, you want apply
no boyang originally said that he went to china's then sunly to go to china
his decided to go for becape he want to work in some what b. w. something measure or something
we are first semester.
because i have a friend e. he told him to take i. a. in second semester
heavy no triple e. it is a man
because i said i have a friend
without me told him, otherwise, we will go to china so difficult so hard about china
you are you to see semester two or semester one
he send email gave that prop to that prop
then the prof tan told him
if he listened to that prof, he would not have change
that is to say, then so is a deferment, so he is a deferment
no uh, many people go to semester two to do i. a. is okay but.
don't want me, i want to go by myself, i want to go by myself
last year i think
i thought it was so far before the semester two
i c. a. didn’t i talk about martial arts theth. i only have martial arts
my friend
without me, i should say that i shouldn't tell me about your choir right
your choir right
without your facebook photo
i am very shock, i want to ask you if you are low or high's soprano is considered high right
you are auto
very much like manly
want to be like this extra
not well my brother join choir
my brother also join choir
i used to be very powerful before i was playing chess with #ah pei # in void deck
they are not very powerful, they are right every day every day every day every day, right timing, they are all downstairs
no time i came back from army
just sit down and eat.
because you knowing you know my mother like me to have a girlfriend
did you have any recionship before?
there is then your boyfriend get spend stuff on you or not
it's regularly, but i don’t understand where i don’t understand where his money comes.
uh, don't understand some girls i think have
that black and white that one
not go but the flip flip flip one
there are only five points i heard
not enough this year cut off point seventeen
we don't understand them to talk about seventeen very shock seventeen who can who can stay in hall
my hall like only forty
they said this way, i don’t necessarily understand it. i don’t ask
you understand f. c. c. chair will definitely
it seems to be five
because i myself seven
i live in tampines
some people take nine
some people take eight
why do they take this way to get eight? i just take seven
no nine nine i think is considered overseas like malaysia
grandma or whoever relative staying in malaysia then can you change to that side
boring, i am not and no one lives in malaysia
seven points plus five points and twelve points is is confirm not enough
i have calculated the confirm not enough unless you really join committee like president or vice president
many people are talking about the strange forum they also start to say that n. u.
no without adding room
take a car or bus and take train
many people ask the i try to avoid the question
uh, you, you are indirectly, you have to ask, right?
he can be willing to drive them but i don’t dare to because
i live at your loud hailer at your house
i don’t want to be it is okay. i can live in the toilet.
for i test alreamy, go out at 11:30 today, almost 11.45, here
you can't talk about i will i was like i will said
i am pes e.
i am uh intro unless i am really close to that guy then i becom extrovert
my friend
that kallang is good
not a friend of candy zinc itself
he told me about rochelle told me, uh it is everything very weird to them
we are like, we are normal
basilibasi i know
multi -ver
why red purple yellow
wherever people go, i just go to the i just to take a look at signboard to i walking the same correct direction
isn't it me?
i like to eat fish head
there are then i like to eat
eat fish improve memory
no together with my brother about five or six or six
what project
market interviewer
go to the interview of each household to interview.
no seventy four dollars per day
it is very similar to some uncle aunty right they know chinese they knew how to use internet
i don’t understand i think can claim up to eight dollars or something i not too sure
i only do it to tell you okay then
what do you do and look at that computer then wait for the numbers to pop up
it's not just fun when doing project
those thersites in class will have a headache
so its theory looks like psychology sociology
so people may read those that read socio.
so every time he teaches, the teacher talks about this is a general personple
but it may be a little bit, then i will think about okay again
that should be level two hundred level two hundredred should be selected
if so, i don't want to take that
i'm afraid to carry so much theory
my working memory is not very good
children will come out in my life. i think it will be a few months later
i know that each stage has a name, but i forgot what its name is
it seems to have holographic and telegraphic
some starting may be one or two words
or just these child talk
it seems that when i don’t understand the age of four, they will suddenly have many vocabular after three years old.
i think it should be because of the relationship of nursery in singapore
maybe my mother told him to eat and sleep and wear clothes. don't play stop it like this.
so after four or five years old, their vocabulary will grow very much
it can be learned more and more words every day at nursery
teach different things every day, so the vocabular that learned is relatively wide
so when they learned things until that stage, it seemed like adults
it's just that they are not like this without complex structure
it may be all agent verb and object sub subject patient.
i think this is still full of the internet buto. i don’t like child language
maybe two more sem. because it i think is every two sem. offer once every time
it may be that each sem. one is just every sem. two
see because our pioneer batch, the course of offered is a little bitt
i am the first pioneer batch now now i have the second
so we will be first batch of linguistics to graduate
we wear one sem. two we seem
he didn't come, he would ask you, why did you come to lecture yesterday?
there are feedback saying that it seems really tired. all four projects are all content
so now our juniors are very happy
because although they think it is difficult, it is because we have feedback last year
so their current module may be our transmission for presentation. they have become five percent
because we don't know where the teacher's extension is
we do n’t have seniors, you can ask us or do n’t seem to be a test papers for past year to check
so at that time, we had done it.
there is super beyond, his extension
some things will talk about whether there will be no resource here, so we learn less
my friend can read almost a day a day, almost ten palates like this
my friend can write it every time my friend can write to the reference of one or two sides
because they really read a lot to do citation
because our teacher said that if you do n’t read a lot, you do n’t know if you have done it.
so you may do your best to do the then that you are going to copy your family.
maybe our reason is rational
so you are wrong. you may not be so exciting.
i did n’t have because of the wonderful chinese wenwen daily, but my teacher was okay. when i used to be in the junior college, the teacher said that the chinese daily was not very healthy.
because there are gossips inside
compare the gossip than the eight yah to the eight yah
even if i thought it was before, but it taught you what may be found in the uk that it was found in south korea to discover this cloning thing.
i feel that they are full of positive
but now i read that newspaper, they are all gossip then
it seems that foreign news is also talking about gossip
what kind of french prime minister and that model is together what to break up?
i really feel that now i really think that the teacher said that there seems to be more gossip that night.
i used to look at it because g. p.
because j. c. there are g. p.
i want to take english, so i often look at straits time
because it seems that reading research paper, those who are named, i can't read the reference
so i rarely look at that straits time
but because my mother reads mandarin newspaper, she occasionally buy the morning post and evening news
because i can't read the research paper. i don't have time to read those stories and the like
unless there is a good storybook
just go to lee-wee-namlibrary
few people should go to national library unless the exam
the bread of the bubble tea and the bread is quite delicious
in can b. old canteen b.
there is a big bread of japanese
very delicious so i really want to call me biz-mag to buy for our f. c.
otherwise, it was originally in can a. you can buy it
because running to south spine for class
no because of us, i am participating in freshmen orientation camp committee
so we have a chance to find money to make money
so he found this so he asked us to come to sign up
so we have come to stephanie
why is there no hit to that five thousand
because there are many languages in singlish itself
but i think singlish itself is a language itself, because it already has its own characteristics, it seems
it seems that those others may talk about singlish hokkien cantonese malay in singlish hokkien cantonese malay
the government thinks that you speak more singlish, your english will be worn you will not be able to speak standard english
so i think i think it is very distinctive. if my good friend suddenly tells me that standard english, i will feel strange
because i think singlish seems to be more intimate
so i think ying singlish is still full
if the government will make it one day the office of office language
it's as if ja-japan has japanese
there are also many s. v. o.
it's just that most of us and we are just replaced that words. lexical change
maybe that noon was originally replaced by english for a chinese character
it is possible that go and eat becomes # makan # is to replace eat to # makan # to change the other is the same as verb
just change to another language
it seems that my dominant language is chinese
but i will mix a few english characters and ma lai or hokkien
but if i seem to have a good friend, his dominant language is english, so he speaks to me every time he speaks english
but he is also quite singlish
i think is to see dominant language
but you replace those primary differences you who replace those words with other language
these are already i think conventionalise
this is not bad f. y. p.
but i think should not take a.
maybe he will compla-compare, but he will not write singlish
he will write singapore vernacular english
because he is afraid he will write singlish, maybe the government may not be happy to see that paper
you, you have to do almost the characteristics of vernacular english
it's like code switch between english and chinese as
so i think, they should not agree with singlish
if they are talking to citizens
talk to citizens, they should use singlish
if you follow you with standard, you will feel that this person will feel that this person will be good
he is a minister then, i don't know
but talk about your minister who tells you that you are talking about singlish yourself
do you want scarely? i was fined
it seems like like is not without
they are just joking because singapore is not a fine city
i think is health health issues
these should not be no moreway, we also do studies on singlish
there is also okay because we phrase it in a very nice way
it is like foreigners who are like foreigners in our singapore vernacular english.
otherwise, there will be no singlish, only english and chinese
it should be singapore's characteristic multicultural
so talking about that person is fishing
in the end, we are really mixed with our wife evenly, so now everyone has a part of singlish
i think it's like a steamboat
but there are still many dialet, although it seems that fewer people are talking about dialects
it seems that there are relatively few, so many current singlish is more english chinese code switch.
because the boys of the soldiers will learn a lot of hokkien in the barracks
so this is a different story
some boys will say that he will speak i can speak hokkien very well. i tell the truth.
it's just vulgar, or you really talk about hokkien
so i think the current boys and their misconception. they really don't know how to say how to say that hokkien is their own chaotic. they think they will talk about hokkien in the barracks.
what can you say about eating and sleeping, you have to go to marching and go to training
so now i am now if i ask someone if i will talk about hokkien right, i will definitely ask him whether it is vulgar, it is the soldier hokkien or normal, you really tell grandparents tell
many boys now have misconception
it should be correct and their thinking
not to enter n. s.
it seems that sometimes i asked them to do survey. i think i think know more about hokkien
still, sometimes because i have read some dialect things recently, i feel very increlely
when i entered n. s.
it's s. the vulgar at the beginning
they are okay, forget it
so i originally asked someone to teach me hokkiiiiiii i, do n’t you teach it
because they teach me may i only learn vulgar
i think sometimes boys learn other languages.
for i i think because of vulgarities
will scold vulgar for no means that hokkien
feel okay
sometimes they must add this adjective
when it rains, bloody, wait, i said that if we say that we did n’t speak out, and there was no one in his country. it ’s just an adjective
it ’s that if this rain is bigger, it’ s storm. storm or the like is that singapore cannot have these natural disasters.
so he said that then is not a drizzle, not this kind of light rain, and that rain, nor effect
so he feels that every time he puts this heavy rain. when his clothes are confiscated, he will say that this is bloody
each time you use this word f. or s.
to vulgarity
my mother is hakka
but rarely hakka in singapore
so she and my grandmother are maternal side's comparison of hakka
it seems that she speaks to her friend right. she may tell her friends about cantonese
so we will use chinese reply her
so she may tell us dialect, but we use chinese repy
but after they passed the life, no one will tell you hokkien
because it seems that when i was a kid, i would feel that my grandmother would not speak chinese, i want to tell her hokkien to her
so i will talk to her about hokkien, so when i was a kid, i and my grandmother were almost all hokkien and my grandmother.
but growing up seems to be moving
so i will hear what the word cantonese means this is the word hokkien.
but when you want me, i will talk about then that my friend will ask you what i am talking about hokkien is not cantonese.
at that time, i talked about a reconese.
maybe i'm from me, although he is a horse, we are together, but i only learn a few words #nasi lemak # chicken rice
not because the school does not teach dialects
but i think dialects should compare with relevant in singapore
you go to hawker center, you also talk to that uncle talked to hokkien
because cantonese and hakka are almost a little bit
now, i will think about whether this is cantone hakka or hokkien
another of singlish is dialect.
they still talk to their families about cantonese
yes, so sometimes i listen to s.
so sometimes it will be listened to the then of cantonese then that i think it is quite interesting
so i feel that cantonese don’t know how to say more now, but
yes, i feel that if i was a kid, i would talk
most of i think singapore is only with grandparents
my friend is also because my parents have graduated from college students
although there are elementary school, like all these
that kind of mother tongue is still very bad in chinese
because i think the culture of each language is different
but there are no other. i think it ’s a pity that i have a lot of then now.
because it is all simplify
all comes to singlish
sometimes it seems that people who talk about singlish in singlish rarely talk about television
all simplify t. v.
i think why, i think english seems to be easier to understand because all things simplify even those who want to curl or stretch the sound.
right no one named trill
it's okay, there is no the. those sounds that may be stretched in english
it seems that there are two syllables, but they come to singlish all short and short and short
i don’t remember me, i forget that example
your friend okay
many reference
it should be language and society
otherwise it is phonetics
because phonetics has talked about the tone of the tone of i. p. a.
i don't remember i don't remember which one is language and society or i. p. a.
all are linguistics module
everyone asked me what i read, i think it's very interesting, but theory part is difficult
this area which is future research area.
how to say some are some of the av without explore.
so juniors should think of what we think is what we have ever thought
so they f. y. p. it should be more hard
because we may just depend on whether they have done this research this area
there may be more areas to write
although our areas seems to be cross into psychology and sociology
we have psycholinguistics modules seem to seem
the good brain seems to be damage to area or area what damage will
some people are dy-dyslexia, you can't read that word, you can't read it
it may hurt the main english english and english of all parts.
at that time, there was a symposium
that is to say, because english has been found in many research, it is found in english and speaking
maybe reading and two area like this
but chinese has a professor in hong kong called li-hai
he found that chinese practical use because everyone thinks that the language of english is these sides of these sides
but this professor from hong kong right he found that chinese language is actually learning chinese and english
what is the name of the instrument m. r. i.
it seems to be m. r. i.
but he found a new area
so children have to learn later
children want to learn chinese right
so i think this is very interneting
because no one has discovered this prof. discover it
i still like symposium
for every prof. very world -renowned prof. all come to talk to our school
or the name of our cite citation all day is very familiar because each time we write him
maybe we are learning basic level.
it may be possible to read english as these two areateleleririn side of the brain is used to process language
in addition to this, we know less because i only take one cognitive psycholinguistic module.
remember to i seem to understand the last time symposium.
because they are all behavore
or what is the more the then statistics in canada, the united states, what the student thinks at home?
therefore
because pioneer batch is really
it seems that we may think that i want this module laanguage and gender is our prop. not enough
not enough professor
and many professor want to teach the come incoming batch those module is the models we learned
so our new module should be more than something else
maybe other course one or two sem. there are offer we only have one sem. offer.
so we miss this, we just have to wait a year to take to take
it seems that there is a child language now. i can’t use time
i have to wait for a long period of but.
because at that time, phonetics still felt very increlely
you may see some video more saddening
it is the both the parents are deaf and dumbar.
but no one teaches that child language
because they have no them who will only sign language
so they will teach children sign lightuage
so these are very miserable.
so if you learn to speak, you will be away
so when i saw it at that time, i felt that i came in linguistics.
but my related module test is not as good as i imagined
so i was thinking, and that speech therapist really achieved good grades
are you going to continue the continue masters
so if i have a good grade
the slowness is that he may be call mama then those who may be one or two years old will mama
but he will call his mother until he is almost three or four years old.
it may be possible to help children like me cousin like this
because the current speech therapist of singapore is also more and more more and more by more recipised
it's very similar to that in the future, if there is a little more speechtrapists, these children are more likely to be more good atconomic background
maybe you have always told him and let him feel that there is vibration on your throat
let him know that actually wants to speak
the other is just air through your passage way
then you may talk to them t. where can the tongue be put?
let them know that you can make a different voice with these features
some children may not want to speak autistic
it is impossible for him
so end up children may not speak at the age of four or five, they may not speak
so now if there are a little more speech therapists, these early treatment should not be better because of their future
otherwise, look at it when i saw my cousin. i feel very pitiful
he's i think, because when i was a child, i had to return to malaysia to pay attention to the new year
so you might like it.
but when i was a kid, i dare to ask why, why do i call not to speak or so
so if you are relatively little, you may see that he tells him whether hello is to eat, but he will not answer you
in the past few years, it seems that you really said that you haven't seen them yah now
i don't understand this is that i didn't want to be a speech therapist.
i want to help corporate translate with like
just be able to go abroad with them with each attach to businessman that
because i feel that at the beginning, because i started to do part time later
it seems that he will be like my linguistic course.
some words seem to be english in s. o. chinese is s. o. v.
what do you want to translate
that's how i am afraid that i will not be hokkien will not be tantonese
in the future, even chinese will not
europe okay u. s.
and i can talk to many people. then i learned spanish now because they speak the most people in the world to speak chinese chinese
if my learn spanish then maybe i go wherever i go, should i be like this?
but then i went to this spanish class ren then my professor would talk
and spanish is very similar to italian
and some words are also very similar to some words
it seems that french will yes is the yes of si spanish and italian, and it is also si
because they all came from the aame family
so i think it should be useful to learn spanish
they seem to be because of that articles
it is the table like in frentcht the table is a fat is a female
i read a lot of article and say that spanish is very similar to english that may be structure.
just like english, we speak she go school then spanish.
maybe it's because his one is a bit like why
i don’t know if it seems like walk then past tense walked then walking.
because french is also a lot of insist. i am a thing i care about gender. i tell why the table must be a man.
because the table is relatively hard, he is a man's meaning that strong
why not frentch
because some i will talk about maybe the thing is very strong and hardy
so he is a male
it's easier to break so he is a female
he talks about it matter just a random thing
it is pass down if people used to talk about this is a female this is a female
if bias, i may start to write a blog on it
it will talk about okay spanish is a bias gene
because i learned this language, i think it is enthusiastic and it is a like third world language, so yah
to it will be
still okay like this
the phone number is stored in it in it, he suddenly seems to have always been
i have been this way like this this way
if i have always said that i ca n’t find me, i will drive me, why do n’t you drive me, why do i drive more once, i thought i pressed i and i got then, i saw me, and said that you did n’t call me.
after two or three days, i learned that i had broken the phone. in the end, i had to buy a new one.
buy a new one, so i think in the past week, my friends can’t find me. i can only
just talk about sorry my hand in m. s. n.
i don't know s. s. s.
i may receive yesterday and yesterday's s. s. s.
all of the exactly the same iphone i think so boring then i just see that okay this
it's all iphone, i just watched it
i originally wanted to find those normal key pads
that kind of then, i go to see that it is not the kind of american key now
it's not good, i don't see him, i think he is cheap, so twelve i didn’t see it. i didn’t see it
samsung i saw now is
then press like this because i know where the key and the keypad keypad is where is the letter?
it's bad now, it may seem to be late today. i want message. my friend then can't be in a hurry.
i still like the old phone. now the phone is not the same as everyone buying iphone or buying touchscreen
those live like
that person of plan then just talks about the phone function is okay
so it ’s more cost -effective to ask me to take the surf of that student plan
i still like those like three
i did n’t see it that day i went to see anyway.
wide -screen ya ya blackberry but but button
the thumb is quite large so if i press, i think the like multiple keys at once
i don't know because i think quite small then
it is also three by three so still still used to it.
the rotten why my friend is called me. t. noob
i may be a computer a simple function like print screen then. i have found it for a long time
my phone is new, but i think my friends will use it than i
they may be like this scroll like this
i have me yesterday try to go on facebook facebook, i can get me
i just to go on just now
because i just said that i want to see my email some
the question is to ask them fortunately my friend is very divers. if all
if it is linguistic
what c.
the place is everyone from differen school
if the computer is broken, talk about okay i tell you just install
he talked about this is a program just press
every time i have any questions, i will talk about can you install for me thenn i install.
i i, i have no idea, because my computer is not good, why the module, i heard that is quite content heavy on this programming stuff
i. t. noob i think after fidule i should have after
because i listened to me friend that they also read it very hard because i have friend like
like me, it is not very good with computers then. he thinks that you can learn how to use the corpus. these but more than that. you also have to learn how to how, the programming, bevertake
more like god
it is also why, i am now even the computers in my life i will related
if something is broken or what, i also told me friend to help me get quite hard. i am en ~ engine. i don’t know much about it.
fortunately, there was no impulse to learn engine because i entered engine. i don’t understand how i will go now. i should quickly transfer to school soon.
because the part rit right then part rit right then of getting the result, you need a lot of participants the i would think the fun part but.
i thought that the program right then i was like okay somone this to try to use s. s. s. s.
what is that s. s. s.
it seems that our data is uh i i must be in number. it seems that our data may be do you read books
all of all i think it analysed the number
the most frequent is number two
i am a lot of friends, but also tomorond is obviously like
but sometimes very hard to
i have recently been on that mister brown dot cm
he also talked about i found this interesting article by some other girl from tutor
because he saw from a girl's web
we may be b.r.b. this is just a level one
it seems that they talk about happy t.t.m
just happy to to the max
this kind of simple l.o.l
this is comparable to the yah of common
some pretty interesting
what t.g.i.f thank god is friday
because it is just on friday, so t.
because i am still wondering why he suddenly opened the party
there are some labs they just developed
what is it or what is it?
there is a gano in japan
if you take scholarship, it is a thousand or five pieces
if you don't do research, it will be higher as sales sales
hmm, sales is to the ordinary that is probably if it is fresh.
right and yes, i feel that i can not read basic for three years because you can read basic
now they are also three years, but they have industry training. three years we say that we do not seem to have three months of vacation
we seem to have a short count for three months
two months are about two months of short course for more than two months.
then it will be different now, now they are their three months, they will go to industrial training
i don’t understand because it's mine because i don’t understand too much lecturr. i think i think
i have three courses that seem
then my boss will be very busy, and i often fly over there. there is no time to control us
then when starting came, they were not used to their slang when they were read m. they read
there are a few quite a few, i think three or three have passed from aims
now there are, # sungai # of u. s. m..
it seems that there are some of their molecular.
it should be india more from india
some of them have a grant, i know it is from a foreign country
i already know that he has a patent patent for vibrio chlolera, his vaccine
then his grant comes from foreign countries
not from marketer, it is genetic
then gano gano is # kedah # over there, gano is also supporting
it should be without me, i have known as gano excel
but they have my senior, they have
my own juice on #manggis #
because he is doing h. one n. one, but he has activity over his test.
most of them are for # manggis # the best part is its skin and its skin
because its skin is antioxidant more, there will be more, more and better
if your preserve is right, it should be available
if it is said that you will have less maybe in the water
is it good if maybe after eating?
if it is already dissolve, you have eaten it in the water.
the salt means that bacteria cannot survive.
then bacteria will not survive because bacteria's most of its survival p. h. will be compared to acidify is about six seven seven
may sixth and seven, if you put it under the salt, it is more alkali and then it will be higher.
it should be its environment problem. environment is not suitable for bacteria to survive
vinegar is acid.
if it is too strong, you can't
can be course can have some bacteria living in
if it is it, it will be acidic
because some are not suitable for its food's condition it cannot survive
then its humidity is the surrounding water volume and water, and everything will affect everything and affect
just look at it humidity will have an impact
it usually means that it is facebook, but facebook is also very stuffy. recently, i was very stuffy. i saw nothing.
in some, most of them are running abroad and out of work. i rarely contact them for a long time to contact them once on facebook.
then there was a while i stopped and stopped for a long time.
then recently there are update back because they are coming back because they are going to be on holiday.
if you do the internet business
it's ah, you will sell more clothes now. if you can something else, it will be better.
i have seen their promoter in facebook, but they are just promoted their link and then do it.
they bought it from china and china, which is quite cheap, but quality
because your computer is now watching because maybe will edit will be a little different from their color
the computer will look more beautiful. they are because you read it and say that they will wear it for model or watched it. then you will buy it and you will look at it.
because it seems that you look at model, you look at it, but you wear it, you are not very beautiful or not suitable
you will buy it in the store, because you have a trial, you have a trial and try it.
you internet buy, you don’t know if it is suitable for you.
i think because i am doing master
then you want to approve f. d. a. what
if it is drug, it will be more troublesome.
it seems that there is a juice that it will be easier
there are controls, some, some they want control
it seems that what i said seems to be like a supplement like a juice, it will be easier to compare to drive
if you are to no size edem
it seems to say that side effect is not
they will not say that it will not be easy to compare to drive to drive
that is, because you are going to submit, then do they want to be queuing or what is the queue or what
i think if it is in malaysia, if you have money, it will be fast
feed that animal, eat it like a mouse, you want to see him kidney to do it
most test will be in that mouse
it seems that some people use rabbit
their test, # tongkat # # ali # compound on rabbit
the so -called doing is recombinant.
it is probably like this.
there are a few i think there are u. s.
some seem to have hospital
because i have read a few of their paper paper in u. s.
they will give hospitch about a few people like a few people like a few people.
he will have about three phase
testing testing heello hello hello
i and my group mates we go to thailand
uh, let's go to bangkok
let's do a documentary on the stigmative of aids in thailand
there is like
they will tell us that they use to be very rich or like they use to have a good family
going to make friends with them make friends to understand them, uh
uh, some people seem to say that they said through some organization
one actually is very serious
everyone okay
it's very complicated
it is everyone’s uh relationships wise. some people do n’t know where they get the disease
it seems that the fifteen -year -old okay is obviously from his parents
as soon as he was born, he had only he went to test at the age of fourteen and fifteen to test.
or there are blood donations, or there are take drags or tattoos like share needles
so they did a lot of things so they didn't know which source from the source
it seems that we will ask him so when you get it from where like what dig you do.
it's anti
if you do n’t find this h. i. v. if you do n’t have a thing, then you will become more and more serious if you have this h. i. v.
it is a. d. s. it was a a a a a a a a a worker case of h. i. v.
so she has no sickness illness symptoms
they are not dying in like a. i. d. s. instead
when you do research, i saw his wikipedia page
it seems to be tab
fortunately, because he is receipt receive
but after they get the disease their family want to live with them
still like saying that you live in another place, what are you not able to take care of you?
just want raise awareness and raise funds
it is h. i. v. positive
you can go to watch the movie shopping
sawadika is a girl said and then if it is a boy, you have to talk
because we can take that bus in that way, we can take that bus
the subway is convenient, but the bus is cheaper
it seems that seven baht eight baht can go
are you doing resudit?
if you don't understand, we are thinking that they may ask us ethical questions
or uh, if you think you think you are paying money, you get the answers that you want or
i think that is the best alternative
in fact, we have talk to a lot of people, but in the end we took four people to shoot four people
but we have done a research and then there are statistics in that documentary
those our report seems to have our research in we hand in a report
because we are doing a documentary, they don't want us to give anything
it seems that our report should have all things
but if we have extra things, we will present
because it should be very okay, it seems that we are because we are because of us
those who do some people do campaigns and some people do it
we have given them our documentary
uh, because they should not assign, maybe they will ask as if it is why did you choose to use this shot
it seems that director answers the question of directing
i will make friends with them seems to be like talk to them
then i talked to them to do the product
then director
my friend, he is more quiet, so he has nothing to speak, it is more make sure that thing are okay
it seems that before you go, we are good for us, we film has pre-production production and post productions
so i and another person will compare the things of the product, so the product we will do pre -post
we are doing with others. we do it
then cameraman just takes the beautiful things when they shoot.
actually, you have to think about a lot of things first.
but how you do it is your you can play with it
so the director will always cooperate with cameraman
so the two will compare
so it's quite challenging
let's take two camera one is sony e. x. one is a relatively large shelf.
then the other is canon seven d
it's like that kind of d. s. l. r.
we will not use that very sad or very traggic music. we will not choose us for a long time. we only find one okay. he is slow, but it will not be very good.
but we did not have the design this this like just a propotype
this must be designed by yourself
no, no yeah, we have to hand over dvd because it is handed over to the school, but
it seems to be backup
so i made end of march
we have paid it, but we are still changing me to change that design
the right right is the one of the one of the organisations we visited
they are more lucky to be the children who live in organisation
i just said it was the foundation of the german man set up, so
isn't it their send these kids to a neighborhood school
one comparison is almost three hours before bangkok
a countryside
everyone knows that these children have h. i. v.
because there are many people in thailand, there are quite a lot of people
because they want to take medicine, they may not have recovers when they take medicine.
only after recuperation they had to go out to live in the society like workmanship
i found the house as if your neighbor's neighbor
no, in fact, they are all okay, they will not suddenly hurt you, so don’t worry
payra, but that is always one in a million case, there will be no everywhere
we rent a guesthouse in our group
because the alley, the kind of alleys they bought cheaper and delicious
that is i think, you want to take that you want to take a bus, i have been sitting a long time ago
experience like weekend market
they have tour group, you can follow tour group
it seems that they are planted one by one, they planted his sampan, they rowed their rowing and selling vegetables and fish.
many people say that the food on the roadside stalls should not be eaten, but i think okay
eat for me many times okay and yes
to their immune systemm
they have been washing their hands just eat at restaurants
it's very clean, so they may be cannot take it
you go to chatuchak
they will take that kinds
one day i couldn't go through, and he only had saturday sunday
just take that b. s. that b. t. s.
for mochik m. r. t. station, then he can
if you can go there, many people must be careful of your wallet
because when my friend used to go before my friend was there, he didn't see him over there.
what do you want you to do?
because there are many places, you can sign up for that one day tour
so one day tour may take you to palace
so if you want to buy an entry ticket, you may have tour guides
there is nothing in the urban area, but just showping
so i think chatuchak will compare
it is live the life of a local
then you want to go there to eat that kind of roadside stall to see what people eat, you just, you will say
because it seems that if you live a live of a tource, you just go to restaurant to go to that kind of paragon
he is a subway station in b. t. s. so you can go there
just a lot of locals
there is also a fresh -like night market, but it is locals
there are fewer tourist
learn a little bit of thai words
they are not so soft when they get fierce, but okay is still strong okay year
to thai
they speak their access is singlish, otherwise they will wear t-shirt f. b. t. and slippers
it's very singaporean
it is also t-shirts, but they will wear thai thai thai style comparison
you are so okay okay
because of that kind-mai
that kind of chiang-mai
or they wipe that kind of s. f.
no, but i will pass through its zoo every time it looks okay
uh, i don’t know if it seems that bangkok can’t ride now
but maybe that zoo is okay
my friend is another documentary is about elephants in thailand
go to palace
because of its thai food
they will have condiments
there are different things that seem
then it seems that our thai friends will sometimes add a lot of, many, many, many, many, many, more, more,
their tomyam is delicious
tomyam okay not very nice yeah in singapore
a woman in our interview to her, we go to her hometown
it is another province
then the wooden board was very like like
right -yard
right right, so very different from life with singapore, very differently
but the tomyam they cooked is really delicious
is it seafood, otherwise it is the shrimp tomyam
industry know still thinking
so i am okay with a lot of things
but my specialization when i am studying is like broadcast
when i internship, i went to radio station
i am the kind of promotion events
because singapore's market very small
they should not ask a lot d. j. there are still many
so i encountered a professor yesterday. he also came from taiwan.
then i told him that maybe i want to go china and works or like china or something
i heard like okay maybe i will think again
because he has always told me that like when young you should try more things
he is the professor but.
forget his chinese name
very similar to internet t. v. mobile t. v. he also taught broadcast journalism
don't understand him to do a lot of things
then he told me that you should try more thing when you are young like
what do you find your own do whatever you like year
not because it may be that the topic that top that seems to seem to be
what do you do and then my colleague
it's that d. j.
for on radio different
it seems that headphones seems to be headphones
it seems that there are many kinds of publicity activities in the radio or it seems that call in will win the prize or
i just out to call out to people
my radio station is going to have a birthday party coming up so i have to call the sponsors
then they can sell them to see the idea to clients
that big and big big companies then they want advertise but they know what is the best way like o. c. b. bank
then every time i look at the kind of tv shows, i also want to go
she said you must try this
i don't have join c. a. c.
i used to know that nanyang chronicle
it's student publication
so i used to do that layout editor
there is join student club my school's committee
because it seems that we want to off stone on friday, it is on friday to send that publisher
we want to stay in school to finish every three weeks.
it seems that if my text is too long and then the photos have to be placed so much, so i have to like tell the editor, can you be cut?
no because the pairing photos can be reduced, but sometimes there are too many text
i will talk about readers want to read
therefore
but we have like a poool of writers seems
it seems that there are many people who want to be journalist and they are plan
i really think that there is no exams but in one semester you need to write five articles
so okay, just write five stories
the last one should have been released, because you want to take the exam, so you have to stop
there is one ret in the right yes, there is a ret
it should be true camp in a. d. m. then
may
i don't know the shutter spey of his camera
there are also chinese editors
because some people really don't like to write news
just write lifestyle, otherwise it is sports or
that kind of travel log is like you go abroad and then you think you want to shaders some some
just come back to shade like you
just in that chinese section
come to university my course most people speak english
just yeah yeah yeah yeah
no one nobody talk to me
my parents will talk about fujian like to each other
a little bit, i have i have relatives in china
have me to go to beijing exchange
in half a year, i will go to the different places then i go to xiamen
there seems to be an uh drama group with actually university
so quite interesting
so okay likes there
beijing, but i prefer beijing compared to like shanghai
shanghai is compared with city
serry
compare the city like and the people there are more snobbish
eat okay
very strong okay
maybe you are more like after hours.
it seems to be more tource
right right and i also take public transport
because you like that kind of tour group
because singapore is fixed price, it seems that two things you think is okay if you think it is okay
i am tired to always follow him with bargain
is it needed more energy really?
sometimes a little cannot stand it
yes, we just say that i am not that i am a southerner, but i am very southern asia.
it's not necessarily in this kind, it's just
it's just that some people want to view image and just look at it
some medical tools, some tools are not available
some are just for you view. you can draw some square round triangles on it.
those are basic tools
that's not so far now
for us now, now the algorithm of package up is
we have liver liver
after you finish the painting, press enhance and press that button run.
not necessarily, you don’t have to use it. you do n’t have to use it because we have freehand and that many, many, more,
you may not need to waste time. slowly draw two. one is the region of interest.
draw in an object over there, you know you want you to want you to want you to go directly to go there
i don't know because the researcher didn't say
and account is not our define to give the doctor define
and every doctor definition is different.
the same thing is the same thing that size
that is a problem. we are hard to standardise
because we seem to be our computer science, we all look at the number of you. we all look at the number.
or do you say that this is precise's then, we can do a good job. if you are very varies, you can hardly capture to that knowledge.
just de ~ see if we want to doctor, we all want to die
we have a few entropys that can be based on it
the most basic is area
just to that cover on that
the main thing is to count it pixel pixel per
talking about its compactness
because it is a mathematical formula
that original you, your test image and your compare image two pump in two result
criteria with different methods with different methods and different methods
if you want to serve journal
and you are not just writing some image yourself, you may have to go to these journal.
because these calculation are already recognized
you come to evaluate, your photo takes your result
unless it seems that micai micai just said has its own standard
that is to say, i must use this formula formula formula
you don’t want fifteen result, you are finished because it is not necessarily that you are very good
because you must be because there is a different calculation is de ~ cater for different feature
some you can capture to be very good, but your shape is bad
uh, i have seen one that one is that his fifteen methods are released
but that is the improve to very strong enough
especially when i put it in thesis, i was enough to be asked by him by examiner? do you want to use this kind of medium?
that's not the one you want to defnd
except u. s. u. t. m. u. p. m.
a student of the recent u. p. m.
so i am watching what his paper is writing
at that time, you may have to change the title refine.
also with me is mixed mode
when he wants to go to final drapt
it's the same as his title
different university idea exactly the same
his draft can't change it, so his title has to change it again
i don’t understand that he said that he did chapter 5 when he was on the stop
uh, i didn’t ask very well, he said that he asked him sub ~ when he wanted submit
it's not my title, whoever, then there is this thing
there is such a situation. i am realise that it might hit me, so i want to see what is the thing of the student i talked about the thing i talked about.just prevent the same thing on me
because ideas are personal
people who are publish first will win
will be given to others
most of my idea will not directly e-mail his supervisor i will
i wrote it to discuss with him in time
this will be more secure
the pair of peak, who is very high enough in the first year, slowly go downhill
especially when i am, i can think of when i imagine it is p. h. d.
you can run real-time, but some algorithm must take a little time because
they are all p. research work. they do n’t do that on that performance, so sometimes you dare to run all the whole hour to run like this
because dataset depending, if it is one or two set ima, one or two images, there is no problem. you can run out at the scene.
if it is very robust, probably probably
if there is no actually test, fortunately, we just want to look at those segment things, right? it ’s usually us. it’ s usual. it ’s about two or two times.
so if you finish each image, if optimise is algorithm, it may be about two or thirty minutes.
one of the medical image from the hospital where the hospital is from bertam does not know a center of excellen. i am not very clear.
no so far is not needed because we are collaborative and under under a project
so we need us to make an algorithm.
so we get those data from them
one of the other is the other is the other one i just talked about the other one of osteosarcoma children.
i didn't get that image
there is no under project. these three other software are other places and those that one
so they may just take our data to test
five buried three intern and eight eight
it's worthless to do more mood like this
there is already one in the middle with a deve and some paper to the conference.
fortunately, there are some contributions to do something over there
algorithm, which has a lot of test, did not know how to start the before before, because they were forced to start some algorithm run double algorithm
otherwise, you keep watching paper, you don’t know what to run out.
for a big problem, matlab is different from java because matlab is running matrix. performance is almost over java.
and if you run for loop in matlab, there is nothing wrong
you want to run that is that it can be arranged by matrix
that matrix is very useful, but i still can't
sometimes we sometimes learn that they do not have those theretical base
so you do n’t know what the matrix thing we want to be manipulating.
with looping, you will not optimise to matlab's things with you
it is about algorithm
my field's account
the paper of the last time publish
it seems to have in increase, but i forgot because
not much is that there is an improve that is a result. obviously
we were from noise then
because at that time, i was focus on noise removal noise
so end up is that i put all the specific noise like salt and pepper noise. i can completely clear it
you can improve in a place in a place, a problem, but the other proplem or existing cannot completely cover off those things
that is only for future work to do it
it should continue anyway, i have already come in this area and understand it
it's just that it may not be the same. continue is the same algorithm because
many people have done the same algorithm because you want to stay in the same algorithm in three years or four years in algorithm.
so you may use different ways to do segmentation
not only the clustering method with a clustering method, only to add some other criteria to go down
you can take a look at those other are not just doing some small are because p. h. d.
at first, i will be dizzy because you don't know how it runs its mathematical
you will be scared and scared by the first time you see the new paper at the beginning.
it is objective function.
now that i have my own opinion, i do n’t look at my objective function every time i look at its calcul ~ that update function update, how update its function is not checking function
write the run of its algorithm
after writing run, i will know what it is
it may not be a data made by medical image itself
just put matrix and run it for it. you can watch it if you can watch it.
i don’t know if i choose image because i seem to have a fate with image before
i have taken the same image processing twice
for because i used to undergrad, i took a. i.
after that, what is the image? knowledge management
after that, i went to the training when those trailings were also in the image processing area.
where is the image image who learned some basic image morpholo things?
after that, when i came back, i would have to go to image without that opportunity to enter the image
there is an offer that title, but the bid is slow because we use bidding based
just give people bid, so it is not tight, and it just needs one person that then my group at that time and three people.
so do other programs with friends
i don’t want to enter the res mixed mode because i feel that mixed mode seems to graduate, there is nothing because you soon graduate, you will not talk about it.
after that, the research mode doesn’t seem to be worth this
and i don’t have to have income because i have heard you before the research mode before, and i may not get those grant.
you have to pay for yourself, so you think mixed mode is shorter, although it is a bit more expensive, but it will graduate faster
there is also a mini budget at that time just mini budget said that you can apply for the support mixed mode
i applied for the appeal apply to get the approve on both sides and came in.
i went in research mode without getting it
i have encountered my first semester master first semester
at that time, it was very strong enough to be in class. at that time, i had to be in class. at that time, the money had not come to that.
after that, i told my supervisor doctor mandava after that
there are some financial privem, so if she may ask me if i want an extra more semester to graduate.
if there is financial support
otherwise, she is very hard.
because i originally plan, who was originally plan, after one year, she said that she can call me extend so that.
then okay, you have a support, you can extend then without the support, i can't, i can't
so all my things are done in the first semester, and the rest is research.
in the past half a year, i was doing those research things that were not all my things were just some of my things, so it would be better to read to my area.
that is, i still have undwer p. t. p. t. n.
he gave me two years, so he gave me maximum period, so if he gave me any, so he temporarily hold
yes, my undergrad's p. t. p. t. n. it did not collect money with me.
if the interest photo jumps, he doesn't call me, don’t have to go back, just borrow me more
after that, there is another thing that master is going to pay back in five years
because when i was in the past, i had faced it and faced it and then the problem would be lazy when i worked.
lazy study, you will have no intention to read books, you will be rich because of money
after you after six o'clock, you will relax. you don’t want to read a book again
so you will be lazy and if you do n’t have that kind of good discipline because i do n’t have that kind of good discline.
that income, the money is less every day, and your things are used to live every day or you want to live it every day, so it will be more troublesome.
after you have a commission, when you work, you will be more powerful when you buy a car and buy a car. you don’t have to want to come back.
especially if you are without discipline, it seems that you will not go to side income
fortunately, there is no commonment because i don’t need to call without traffic without a traffic.
will play piano again
will he jump again and he will break dance, do you know?
well, i think the right person who meets the right timing will wipe out the right spark
he has a song that is always online. i think it is good
and the words i think he wrote in english well.
although he is not very good in chinese, he english is good
i just go to expo to see his signature concert and sign with him
and shake
and buy his albums
not very expensive, sixty dollar only
there is no compare to rmb much cheaper
but i think this is a kind of support on mental
ah, my parents has me without actually
it's enough in my heart. actually, i think wasting my time
i used to put it in priority, but when i grow up, i don't feel that that is the most important
i don't want to share with you, don't borrow this oppooth
you are amazing you physics # geng # i am also i two
my chemistry a one my chemistry a one
fall in love with music
there are many opportunities and parents also provides a lot of channels for you to contact you
you have to be empty and of course go to the develop those things
i have add him
because i hit me j.j.-lin, there are not thousands of hundreds of thousands
but you want him to understand him, he is singaporean
he must use j.j.-lin or lin-junjie. you hit lin-junjie.
he wrote blogs and used english
my blog has his link
i have said that there are time to meet the right person in good’s timing
when i need an idol during the middle school, i encountered tank
or tank debut comparison
i may like tank instead of lin junjie
it may be when i don't need idol that day
i think this lab is a bit strange
a sa is at most jinsha
jinsha is actually because she is not red, she is not enough to popular
it is because jinsha is not enough to popular, so j.j. needs to sing with jinsha to hold hong jinsha
go to chorus with jinsha to hold the red to make jinsha more popular
six minute and fifty eight seconds
jinsha, she is shanghai, shanghai not bad
i think we don't like her slightly
maybe that's the way shanghai people's slang speech is not very acceptable to accept this
lin junjie's song will be relatively low
yes, so female usually sings other songs
when i saw last year last year, i watched hui mei
they went to that lin yongzhe's death and fucking wang ba egg. he went to hui mei. then i wanted to go, but i can’t go because i don’t know that i have this s ~ this activity. then i
i promised me to go to alumni affair office workmanship as a full time
she doesn't give me a holiday, so she let me to have holiday holiday, so i am very upset and then she don’t want to leave me. i want to work.
without them, they did not disclose recruitment. they are looking for people in private, so i think there is a problem in this way
level of this activity of malaysia's new independent middle school friendship association
the second is to let more people know clearly
because even if we want to do last year, we don't know who chair person is not knowing who is not known.
it is not for our activities for e. c. a. point
you can't have too much emotion. you can see that the amplitude will affect data calm. relax
i don't spend a lot of money because i can live in our home to eat my mother's mother who lives in my mother
if i have a good ability to perform so well, i should pay for amcisa
i don’t do such a thing. i am a teacher. i do teacher. do you know if you know?
i did a teacher for a month
what's more, i am in the eyes of vice president vice principal.
but north malaysia’s chinese independent school result is not so good
because they result good people enter government school
so if they go
i read psychology psychology
chemical physics
complicated to people but does not mean comparison
in some computers like memory, as long as hard disk is not bad, it is always older than you
it's not always older than you, it will not have the process of decay
you are a student of communication study
what do i read? study
do you know that participants is more difficult to find participants
so he stipulates that each student who takes h. p. one o one must complete eight study
not eight study eight credit points, the credit points is depends on your time you spend on that study
it seems that there is a credit point in half an hour
you must complete ten credit point to get the total average of one hundred points for a total of one hundred points
actually, i think it's good because i don't have this compulsory to take this psychology study
do it for us to do f. y. p. have a certain help final year project
it seems that the poster has written f. y. p. student
your topic jumps around jumbled mind
take the water and give me water for me
i drink water thirty
last year, your school weee-kim-wee school of information and con ~ command and information
he comes to our department
then i said that i played me to play facebook's geo challenge
then he asked me to do study
see if i have money, and what is the bird like that group of that group
i basically do not appreciate the member
i think n.i.b. n.i.e. band is different because it is module, so you take it when you take it
you have not played instruments for two years, he ’s first bar, he calls you solo
not the fault of professor is another basoonist bullying me
so i didn't even have connected to concert. do you know that you have to come out at the end of the year?
this is after this sem is over
i won't take a minus
i also took his two hand made bamboo slices
bamboo slices of bamboo slices made of hair
one is hair made, i can tell me
although she is from noob
there is already some ways to ask questions in her head
what answers he answered will give him what kinds of questions
anchor p.r. p.r. is the public relation of the thighs
you can choose public relation, which leap time and space, there is this post
anyway, you can do it anyway
i treat everything with sincere heart, do you see hui ci, who do you know who is hui ci? i think it ’s like her oh my god. do n’t you see that amplitude. do n’t go ok.
she has the meningitis, her psychological disease, her posture, her posture is strange
he went to the internet and became popular on the internet.
now that we are very lacking in the acting circle, people like you means that he is in recruit him in the program.
you can find what you can find
please don't cough, you cough will affect the data
i also saw on facebook
that's nephew
i don’t understand that i asked her on facebook and asked xiaohui that the kind of message
because i'm not here, don't be too happy
i am his most lovely sister
she is already abnormal
i don’t understand, i don’t know, i think i should ask my professor
fake midterm
there is something that you will read if you read and you don't need to read it well
just read the kind of title, just read it, just read the title of each slide
you go to ask a. a. o.
you don't want a work under information management department
not a. a. o. this department had a problem.
i have understood that yan xinhui is doing you as asking her xiao xin in a. a. o.
you ask her that she is not under, the strange person, she is under, another department, i heard that you do well, please ask her
it's very similar to f. y. p.
you see the paper recreding in progress silent please, so please silence
last year s. f.
then the drama uses those fresh graduates senior
that is, every year's freshman orientation's activity will have a group theme
what are your voices this year? three princess white snow white snow, so we will be a fairy tales.
tell a process that they come from home to n. t. u.
a process like this
actually, a funny route is because before that event starts
it will be more fun ~ funny
that is the kind of chairperson is mingwei
we have the rules that can only be worn on that day, freshman orientation camp's clothes
i told you that at that time they had a clothing show and wearing the camp tee
i think the catwalk and he wore the camp tee and there are a lot of things that are strange to tie it on it.
she is wearing her waist twenty -two inch twenty two inch
don't stand outside and watch me, i said well. i talked well.
he is also a very creative person
can i listen to a telephone?
help me listen to a telephone
to arrive
really, i think your shoy is not beautiful
that ratio is more right
okay, i understand you very tall
that silver silver is very like #leung #
i do booklet to put golden powder, you say i am tacky
you buy shoes and gold powder feet are beautiful beautiful
i can't do this problem that is too professional and professional
i also eat electricity. heater electric refrigerator
your house mate, you did not install aircon
how big are you big m. l.
what brand you buy
i am toshiba
how much is you bought the same building of the 300 thousands of floor
how to talk about selling price for 3006
it can release to 90 percent bank
there are more down payment to him
you, you take the concentration
then length is how long you take for your time
probably you take half a year ok for half a year, what effect will be like, then phrase one will probably
one week is that he is phase one, just say he said
probably the problem with the concentration of time, probably inside them adjust
it should be independent
actually, i am not going to compare the detail on this, but they will like whether you are willing or what kind of
they will pay you, they will pay you
there are a lot of pay for them to yes because he has seen them. they have seen them.
yes, then so far as we know commercialize
they will all have the drug of side effect diabetes.
if it is a plant, if we are refined by the plant, we want it. isolate so -called new compound.
make you cure your illness like this is probably like this
a chemical chemical that can cure your disease
it is a kind of chemical
not necessarily the major
it can be said that all synthetic is difficult to find. it is difficult to find a drug.
because you take it out, you also need improve and improve
but you have to know that it is probably its structure. you still need improve it
it can be said that it is difficult to say that it seems that a ~ availability is a problem as if our body can absorb or absorb it is also a problem.
not to say that simply said that i want to synthetic to synthetic, you need to know its system
that is to say, sometimes he is sometimes targeted at your belly.
in your stomach, you can’t be disapve, you want disaplve, you can’t reach the intestine
that is to say, you want such a problem
then some you want them to cover one more layer in capsule
that is to say, don’t give it to your belly disapve or how to do it or then, then it passes the belly layer and then it only disapve
this is our drug desinin that we want to have it so that it must be absorbed in a special place
it cannot be absorbed by simply. if you simply, it is that it has not achieved the target that you want, it is useless, no effect, no effect
if it is his drug hot water, it should not be too hot. it should be okay. cold water should be ok.
it should be ok cold water, don't be too cold, because if it is too cold, our bodies will be relatively slow and slow
ordinary water is ok, don't cold water
because if it is in your stomach, it means that if you are empty, your belly will be easier to absorb
if you have something in your belly, it will be removed if it will be lost or it is eliminated.
the most holiday is # laangkawi # once
in november, i will go to conference in indonesia and indonesia #bandung #
just do it and then then my family is because
she will help people get medical treatment is to use the traditational way. my mother -in -law is quite famous. she seems to have you
that is, she pulls you up and then you will get closer to our skin and then you will release your head.
because it is very effective
if you give it cold again, it is not smaller. it can no longer radiate it.
is it better not to shower for two days or three days as we are?
it seems that hot is to drink more water to drink more water.
his daughter came to find it and then they said that publish seemed to be media, but she didn't want her, but she didn't want it
if you don’t go, you don't seem to go to research, what will happen?
it is the documented that i want to do
i'm going to ask her to intervies she is right
because so far, i can say that all people are working. only one of me is studying. my brother is also working.
waiting for me contribute to be very late, if you want to read p. h. d.
sometimes i really want to come out to work. i want contribute as if my mother said that i do n’t have to continue reading because they are waiting for money or what?
many because there are a lot of coming out, many of them are doing research. i have a few here, one, two, three, four, four, four, four, four, four
there is one of the master here, but there is one in ifarm
it's me and i am also base on ifarm.
it is research center, it seems like inform
it seems that inform is if it is ifarm's more pharmaceutical and nutraceutica
but he is another one that he is institute of pharmaceutical and nutraceutical
it’s not a long time, it’s not a long time, it should be less than
the research over there will be more strong.
because they are unders and their u. s. m. but they will direct from government
recently read a book awaken
this is the recently reading the book motivate itself because sometimes it is really down
it seems to be a research
because our boss has no time to come, many things have to rely on ourselves as if this thing is very new to us
because more on chemistry is a lot of things
sometimes very down sometimes see friends who do more than 2,000 yuan in jobs.
if you want to contribute to your family, you still think too much about it.
i have done it in p. c. fair before.
still looking for part time, it is suitable for you to compare with free
it would be better if you can find a free
then they introduced me to direct sales
but if you want to insurance, you want to resid
isn't it good? if you are going to be ok here
i think two so far
it seems that the secret, i want to take the secret with my friend
his one should be the seven habits that we need to have for habit
he is the father of management, that is, the father of business management
but i also want to check dictionary because my english is also quite weak
chinese class in chinese class, i will have my chinese class very weak
but in science and math, they will be compared
it is his explaanation listening to ok if you call me what to write
is it rarely avctice
there are a few in english here, but they are also mi and malaywen.
if the weekdays is flat, there are more than four or ten.
this is what is like this is the dell's support.
one is that when you call in, there are questions about asking questions.
we just go to his house to help him repairs it for him
this is the first one called on site service
the second is that the customer can be used by some of their warranty.
the second one and the third is the collect and return. we site sent someone to take your computer away
after that, take it back to our own workshop to repairs it after you can send it back to you again
because you have a login time for your electricity
so when you press login, they will record you at nine o'clock. login is not late.
you will be one minute later, but it will be a time after about three or three hours on the same day.
you all agent's login time
then you will have red colors that are late, and a lot of yellow color is a little late.
this is the case, your lunch time is also very accurate. if you eat more minutes, you will see that the back of the report. you will also see the yellow color
this kind of sensitive question will come from more than that is more suitable.
this is depends
because when i was a part-time, i sold the brain when i sold different brand toshiba dell acer asus.
it's not good to hear the most feedback.
it is better than saying dell-dell.
after that, if you have money, of course you buy that mac, apple, you have the best, the most, the most peaceful and basic basic basis
it can also be used in install's mac or install to take windows
can be taken by mac
you want to buy his software, you go to dual windows
two windows one mac o. s.
is it now?
before you are not sold, you will sell toshiba asus acer.
i won't go to this kind of one, but i just fell into the change of the world.
after the second acer, there are many people who buy a lot of people to come to malaysia to buy
the five thousand yuan dongxi is really suitable for more than a thousand laptop, many more than a thousand pieces.
therefore, when many horses buy it, when you buy it p. fair, you do p. c. fair every time you buy it.
chinese people go to buy that kind of toshiba
you buy compact okay is not much worse. the real com compact is like the same line of line
you can't blame compact # pun # because it is
even if the dell is still, it is a lot of company to get a lot from sony.
it ’s like hard disk's side with western d. toshiba or a few of them. acer. he also took the different manufacturers to pick it up.
confi ~ their question will control with control at least
if you have money, i will buy apples of what i want to give me beautiful and easy to use. you can see that the streets are all i. phone
for him, he has a lot of program and can't run like this on his system.
for you, you can use the modify android machine to see if anyone is unlock. i. phone
their system
it is because his i. phone is run's o. s. the apple’s o. s.
this one who doesn’t give people to take an organic organic will take off his business aircraft market
can't go flash iphone, you can't take flash, so
there is no way they have because they already have that brand. they are not afraid that people are not afraid that no one will use their things and the designer is all with their things. they already have a fixed market therethey can change their own things
if you want to see, there is a point in dell.
then, the consumer bought by the channel in the channel of under.
there are a lot of consumer. of course, the most suitable thing is that inspering series is x. p. s. there are still studio but some consumer.
then he register under. channel is consumer. we are also forced to do it.
but there will be very few server is too over. some people buy those who are more expensive. vostro latitude or those who are radiant line.
for example, if channel is under enterprise, it means that the large large type of company or the under public is better than that of the government department.
it's not that they are not their divide by channel. if you enter his website, they are also divided into small medium business consumer.
because you have passed you once, you have ordered more, and you have a lot of server who is a server and it is really more difficult.
basically, software has no hardware. software has another extra warranty. he is called software support, but most of them will not buy it because it is expensive to add money.
there is no one because the software computer has a question about format format window.
we will run test. if you call in, you can ask questions if you ca n’t open the computer. let ’s have run test test.
they have their own system that they are like
it's not that we are just calling, just telling the call to tell him what to press, then go to test. because the new inner side of the dell's brain has the test system test hardware of the test system test hardware, the dell
as soon as you open you as soon as your laptop, press f. f. f. n. after pressing power on, he load that dell logo.
so we just need to call customer to see error code for us to listen to it.
how can he say that he has two or two phase in the first stage.
if you have a test test, you can't ask questions, but it is that the machine that is not available.
just give mother board because mother board is the most important component. if you have a small part, you may not ask questions.
then after the first stage of test, after the end of the hard disk, there is a more detail in the second stage. you can just test keyboard test. your touch pad test your l. c. d. test he had to divide all the device. you only need ran.specific test and then he will have error code out
there are many ways to enter windows, because this method is not the same as customer's lectures.
some people have passed the dell's logo after the black screen, i can't see that dongxi can not say that i can’t enter windows
some of them are login screen, but they stopped there at the side of please wait please wait.
if he is pressed by power on, but screen can't see dongxi, from the beginning, you can't see dongxi's name # lupus #
that login screen cannot enter the other may be software questioning.
the most accessible and most accessible is your hard-boot-boot.
if it is test, if there is no question, the second phase hard disk test does not have any questions. if there is a question, format windows is like this.
or is it format restore, press f. eight, you can enter system recovery console
look at it again if you can enter the safe mode to enter the safe mode.
not the question of hardware, first eliminate-eliminate is hardware or software.
now windows seven
then you want troubleshoot's aspect.
how do we have?
at that time, depends on whether he has any of software support, this warranty
if he doesn't have any, we can only suggest, he re recoad system restore
because if you say system restore, then save restore point, you can have restore point, you can use every version windows
that's it. after so far, we do the weekday weight. there is no week on the week.
that kind of all the entire call center's wheelbar basis basically, one or two agents will stay on weekly or one or two will be kept by one or two in the evening.
looking out, i really see that i see that the tech support did a little bit of coloring.
you can use claim to talk to client when you go to the client.
the entire claim external is the the highest salary i heard when i hear the temporary salary.
as soon as there are so far, so far picks up the telegram that is about to be about three weeks. there are two people who have asked questions
one is very suspected of being suspected of being west, and his computer has come not long. he has been replaced by a capsule.
then his touch pad also designed is not good. he said that touch pad design will hurt when it is not good.
after he said that very strange dongxi, i asked him to take a picture. if keyboard is not unable to take a picture from ninety degrees, you can see that he bow likes.
he wants to use those names to press me to press me. he talks to i report to i complain to whoever who is practiced.
afterwards, their senior helped him say that i was manager. then he thought he was really manager.
after that, my case was also lost to senior manager handle because he was unhappy with me.
it is equivalent to our money to remove three zeros and then divide by three
it's not a large market, but it looks like it looks like it.
it's just that we are going to the one because the person who is online recommends that he is delicious and then uh, and what must be eaten what the dead god cake
but it's really delicious. he is the first time i heard it. then it is a chocolate color.
a local car is more like cake, uh, it is not expensive, but how much do i forget?
for them, it seems that they are so on the first day of the year. then they worship god, so many stores have half day, and some are not open. some of them have not been opened all day long. that day, we just happened to be rush to go to another.we are going to that# kuta# and then we have no time to eat that, so we did n’t eat it
actually, i don’t know what special is because i am my brother. they survey survey, and then they have a plan a list. then what must be like?
four days and three nights. fortunately, i don't think me and my brother participated in his gang
we also go to chiang rai and do n’t understand me. i ’m plan. i’ m just join. then i will go to phuket in may next year
this is like gathering like my former friend
it's not actually very expensive, but we are also promoting more than 100 back and forth back and forth
my friend's boyfriend comes, but we are also okay of classmates
no one will not see that the kind of sexy must be foreign and then you see that kind of # kebaya #
that kind of ceremony that worships god is compared to that one
not thin, they seem to have the kind of pattern pattern, but there are holes and caves. then some of them directly wear that kind of tube.
so you will see that he is actually prexy, but i think it ’s strange to do it? they want to be around # sarong #, but the upper half can be like this.
then some are very old and wearing some of them still wear bra on that hole and one hole.
so i think the most worth buying there is the kind of that is just that you really want to kill them because they are very high like a kind of baby. they can also get the price of malaysia.can be reduced to seven yuan with him
the highest record so we feel that he is really mark up very high
we have to go to waterfall's road. the child has always followed us and always tangled us to know that one or two knows that we have one of us to buy such a child
i seem to be very pitiful to see people.
however, travel is all cool and you are very # sian #. for those who have no money to go to hong kong, only book can not get the ticket
it's just that they go to hong kong to buy their brand
and it is also comparable to fashion to our side. they have eliminated outdate
but i have been there before he went
i think that every gear is almost the aame, it is probably the same maybe that may be more like
it's more troublesome as if it seems that if my friend sometimes comes to penanang to take him to play, it seems like this is this area
its famous food is the same as if it seems that you want to travel whole along the island
if my friend came before, it seemed that we took him to esplanade. we eat # rojak # esplanade and go to # air # # itam #
for fod, it will be compared with specification.
it seems to be compared with us, southern area # johore # or # melaka # k. l. that one
i also forgot that that day, my friend told me that i forgot that i had forgotten that it should be called curry # mee # without no coconut milk.
then there are many more that they will have categorize like this may be them.
most chinese are also a reason that they will be more particular about the words they will do with this food
then after that, many places become it if he does not become in the same place and becomes to eat.
then, after penang, it is not very big to me.
the barbaric compact is because the other side is this #balik # #pulau #
this geographical relationship of this geographical becomes a comparison with less development
after becoming maybe, there is an in future.
of course it is what i think to me, i think penang and singapore's words
it becomes one party is the half part of penananang.
after that, i felt that the transport was quite convenient in penang
that is -
the rotten buses are like milan every is a buse of a milan company like whole.
it is all of our area. this is because rapid penang is actually okay.
it's of course that is penang bridge. sometimes it will be stuffed with a car
it is very serious in penang really. it seems that sometimes sometimes we go to georgetown to play.
when i came back, it was very jam traffic jam, if you go # jalan # express
fill in, it should be one from one confominium, right?
yes, it seems that you will have a certain risk for you
its foundation no problem is its set without a problem, but after that is after that
of course, of course, they have their certified engineer and their design structure
what is no problem is that some people will think that there will be a bucket.
some of our clients are also our owner is that some building crack is normal like the weather is like your beam.
there will be small small cracking cracking
actually, even if we call consign building
you demolish drops two column. it will not fall out of the entire building because they are all link together. if it is two colmn, you knock it off. there is no problem. there is no problem.
we are example.
there should be a lot of problem over there, and many people also complains that will cause this area to seem
this place will die or anything, and many people are complain.
i like to live in confominium, as if i live now, uh # air # # mas #
with neighbors is cannot cannot meet even whole week cannit meet once a time, it was originally that i couldn't see it once.
there is a person emergency. he is looking for the people next door to the person next door.
call can't be at him, so i just want me to go to balcony to call him to knock that material to knock his window and knock on his window to call him up.
it was more richer to our owner over there.
in terms of that if that seems to be before e-gate, and it is still very high, they also thought that they might be soaked in water or tsunami in the future.
that's, of course, they suck a lot of sand in the sea to become a nearby area, because you look at its boat's machine that suck it there is very close to area over there
so after maybe, the sand will still flow back there
because it already has a hole over there, it will flow back and become your builting may be crack cracking.
and there happened to be all over there to turn into all of all of the condition near it.
and so you have learned in our studio in our studio
it seems that we are area, we take that soil, get up to test. look at its specific gravity.
see how much the viscosity of that water absorbs water, and then we want to count it-
can calculate its foundation be able to withstand this foundation? can it bear the power of this building?
because i now live in fifteen floor
if the window, you seem to have been raining these days last week whole week. the window is really cannot open
because it ’s really strong and strong, the whole room seems to be so powerful as tornado
including the apartment of low cost next to low cost
before, they also talked about before because of actually because of actually
when they diedloper, they found this place when they got up with this place.
because that place is the wind and that owner said that mr. feng shui said that the land is very good
it's as if they don't sell it if they sell a sum of money. they don't want them to get the house
they have contract between them, which is that they have more than 20 units and more than 20 units in total
once and a unit, it seems that three thousand three hundred three hundred threeand something
it is a floor and a floor difference ten thousand five five five thousand sorry five thousand
their family has a total of more than 20 rooms over there
in the front row they have because this is goveernm ~ local authority, they want to set well
it seems that if you get up with apartment, you get this confominium that is more high class, you want to reserve to those low cost
put it next to the septic tank. normally will do this because there is no way that is that there is no way.
it is also yellow. if you have passed, you can see it. it is also yellow.
thousands of two um, almost a square feet one dollar for rent a month
then i have a few -we are seven people and seven people live. um
there are two we have three rooms one master room two medium room master room. they live in two people
i and my friend, three of us, we are a medium room, three people, medium room
two people live in medium room, our bed is because we have lived before hostel before
anyway, we have a big living area, which we have.
that's it. in the middle, a small corridor somethings like this is going in
it's f ~ it's for sleeping only that is sleeping.
we are just a room, uh, a big house is 500, five hundred five hundred big rooms, medium room
the two of us are almost because there is it, but it is attach, a toilet area is less
both of them live in k. l. they buy a car for them to drive them here.
it is because they come to study into u. s. m.
ah to become parking
and if parking is closed for half a year, it has been closed for half a year
your park is counting it is calculating deposit or actually, it is you pay for half a year, right?
when we went to find someone because of u. s. m. last sem
because we have no time to participate in activity, if it is m. b. p. m. b. p. this way, it seems that if you go
then we apply, after all the people came out after all people came out after all people m. b. p. help us #rayuan #
it's because this case becomes us.
so this is not good, but this is how i have become some rooms. i have a lot of all friends.
i had to have any as if there was any post in your u. s. m. healthy campus.
because we hit this unit hostel unit.
they are given to our result alone, and now there are no rooms now, and now they are left for undergraduate
become some friends and their deposit cannot take back
the captain's leader's power, then the others are different power in different places like this
but whether he should have seen it or there is still it
when encountering some people really have those domineering breaths to control, then let people be afraid of and then enhance their ability.
if you have n’t thought about it, just watching the comics is to watch it.
basically, it is not possible to get such a power in the real world.
then i saw a lot of gandam and then macross and follow
then i have officially seen animation is bleach and naruto
seeing half and half this, then officially read it, gandam is not so long because it is not so long
you see the five hundred or six hundred hundred or six hundred of one piece, then bleach and naruto are also two or three hundred, and there are more than more
i personally think i think it is okay at the beginning
because gandam's words are relatively short, he doesn't have so much time to go to flash back and want to return.
it is the tenth movie strong world. i read it and still look at it. then the ninth he seems to be that he told him back to his story.
how did he go to the chopper deer to recruit in his team
that's a bit okay touched that their show is going to take him away
it's that when the chopper is about to leave, yiyi reluctantly crying to his old doctor what kind of good is okay
there are a lot of okay, but still okay is
many because of one piece, they are all talking about friendship and then their respective trust.
one piece is very good -looking, i think
there are together, so they are officially the ten member is not nine
that luffy must be then the other is that chopper cute
or is a natural conversation such a thing and then there are some special things that are special.
sometimes i shoot the scenery and sometimes i take my own toys myself and sometimes people have events. i go to shoot like this
like the bon odori before, there are also gone, but there is no such thing as dying
that's the proces that they got married, the first time they married a bride
i use sony alfa
just count one of the new models, but only the year to buy it
both of them used sony for a long time. i used to it. i used to operate his interface.
if you get used to it, you can use sony to return to sony. sometimes because if you have friends
then i bought a lens is a very ordinary fifty m. fix lens cannot zoom, but the aperture is bigger.
it's that lens
then my friend, he has an ordinary kit lens, he did not lend me with him
so if you count it, i have two temporarily on my body, but my own is one.
yes but i haven't used nikon very often
because before i used nikon, i have played my friend nikon is the sixty
it can be considered as easy to use. d. ninety
the camera is basically my camera is his advanced in his i. s. o. very good
he can go to a very high i. s. o.
then you usually have more than a thousand or three thousand.
then there are seven frame per second of the fastest shot
that is to say, taking two photos, he helps you combine to select the place where highlight
it should be come out next, but i haven't seen what he is his result
then now more, they are more focused on a lot of outs to shoot video recording h. d. recording
that is, all nikon all come out of all sony all out of all h. d. recording
see how people take pictures and what angle can take a little look a little bit better and how to go to set
then what is the different event, what does it seem to be?
in this way, if you take wedding, you must not be able to ask others to come again
then you shoot the scenery and you are different. you take a shot and you don’t like delete.
yes, if you shoot people, you will be different if you shoot the model.
i took a picture, it's not beautiful, and then wait until you can repeat repeat
it's because you have a meter when you take it.
just follow the tone and look at the tone because there is a meter in the middle zero
the right side is relatively light and the left is darker. you will look at that bar running on it
because you will live in different places, he will have different lightness
then if you live in a dark place, he feels dark, you will adjust it very light
so many of them will do that post editing is the back
so most of my time, i don’t like it. i don’t like to get that photoshop because of laziness.
then if there are some problems, if you do n’t care about it, you can be too light. you photoshop can be tuned to him a little bit like this.
because some people like edit to his photos like the old or the old, or the light is different, the light is different.
some are good -looking and too much, sometimes it doesn't seem to be original
basically, lens basically, the better if lens, the better, the clearer will not become the old.
that is that they are very popular now, but lomogram. they use that film to shoot
because the kind of film, they took the kind of camera and ordinary simple design
when his light comes in, it may go to the same way or what it becomes green and red, so that his contrast is very high, and then it feels a bit like this
some of them take a picture. he has a software to catch it like iphone. if you put an application, you can take lomography
but formal d. s. l.
okay
for the time being, i haven't taken this time for a long time because i tried it if it is full charge. it was at seven or eight in the morning to take a picture at 11:12 o'clock in the morning.
just shoot wedding and then shoot dinner at 6 o'clock in the evening to take a picture of battery at 10pm to 11 o'clock
they did not use that life view and the screen there was view
they all use that view finder to see that without electricity, just use that optic thing to look at it
and that screen, they are all display some black and white things are yours
if you are more power -saving, you must take the live view that if you take it like this. you must eat electricity. i tried for almost a few minutes.
there is a clear
it's too beautiful, too beautiful, and then if you shoot at night, sometimes you. s. o.
but if you film, how do you. s. o. he won't show that noise
isn't they called noise what is grain or has a different feeling?
but if you know the film, you can understand it or it can be wasteful.
if you just press the uncomfortable one, you will drop that if you just press it.
can't use film, because film volumes only thirty, you can just press it casually
someone uses them to really use film to shoot beautifully, it is very professional
but some of them are playing those lomogram that is the kind of camera like toy camera like toys but can take pictures.
still walking spring
it is best to take pictures at night.
because your build in flash, you can't control his power
so they use the external flash. they use things like those reflector to compare those lights
if you meet those like puasa* without puasa* #pula # #hari-raya #
my friend told me why you want to choose a normal weekend up to go up
when encountering the singapore holiday, there are many people during the malaysia holiday.
if i do n’t wait for him, it seems that four people have one and one of me husband with me the two sons. i am too much myself
but when i have to wait for my dad, he has to wait until weekend
if you want to take the key with him, find it at noon for a day, you will take me to eat lunch and then let's take a look
seeing that photo illustrated is the same as exactly as different
i recently bought a new canon s ninety
the current price should be a thousand or two hundred plus, when you get it, it is 1348 when you buy it
because i bought it at a fair just when i bought it on august 31st
in fact, this model is not the latest
then it just released a s ninety file
only the end of august that iswhy, the s ninety, will lose a little.
i don't want to use d. s. l.
it is very high spec for compact
then what is its focus two o'clock in two o'clock?
actually, i don’t understand this terms just that they can say that you can set at two o'clock or two o'clock, eight, eight, eight, eight.
you can takept like this because
that kind of semi d. s. l. r.
recently, you see his facebook
he has his d. s. l. r. the machine i don't know what the spec he use
is he going to help others take bag's poster
that is to say, how can he find this kind of model?
but take him to the shop shopping mall for six weeks
i compare most weekend with him week weekday to take him
actually, i husband i expect me to take it back, but i think i live in my house very comfartable
because i am flexi, it has some fix rate i mean that okay said that you will sell for ten years because i will extend it for thirty years.
no one hundred dollars, i want to give maintenance fee
then sometimes i flexi's that is why, i see how much money, i put it in that account in the account, and the interest given him is not as high as that
just think as okay, you have no such way, then it ’s a good say that it is your money and you can take it out at any time
if you take it out, it is not that it is top up, and it uses that amount to calculate your internet because it looks like it is by daily
i am okay now because someone helps me provide me like the house like
this trip is very sudden
because she suddenly told me she will go to shanghai for three years, you know
because her husband was worked over there by relocate
because his pose is already the biggest, and a boss is against him
then it is impossible for him to overtake that boss
it is because after discussing her husband can raise her, she quit her job
she said that you can come to shanghai. this seems to be more expensive.
air airway will be cheaper to fly, you will go to shanghai, i will tell her, so i still come to see you
i just gave birth to now in confinement
it's just that slight slightly helped her tell her that you are very # 只 # 只 # 只 # # senang #, so i will talk about relax
i took leave one day that day i worshiped on the sixth afternoon and went there to go to the evening dinner in the afternoon.
so manage went to some places to meet with her like a friend of singaporean, a singapore friend, and then flew back.
right without depends okay
because they rarely travel
they are all okay
without i mean okay, you feel embarrassed and then it is not tight, and you feel that you can't give them so much, but for your paras may be less.
then they are also okay. if you care about him, you will be happier. this is actually okay.
it's more difficult like my mother
when she except, i will be a mother if i get home except me.
so where i want to go, i want plan and then take permission's okay
i want to take permission with my husband like this
so it's hard not to talk about even our anniversary
make noise over there
one aunt will come to my house, she will come from monday to friday every day to friday
actually, my mother's friends are very old.
she is very healthy, but recently at the beginning of heart disease, symptom seems to like like her heart jumps quickly that is why
then because there is a maid's mother in our house, i invite a maid.
in this way, my mother her feet are very problematic.
her heart is swollen, so that is why, she can't do thick things
before k.l.
she is okay, she will speak chinese to speak chinese
you also have keep, she contacted, when you changed the time you went, then mediterranean, then there is a place to live in this way, so you save a lot of money, you want to keep in the contalt you know
to keep in touch with keep
without email, they did not use email too old.
yes, i know you go to many places to go to europe
if i didn't leave that group, i should now be in u. s.
don't want to take the support of rotate
then my supervisor kept telling me that you came late
in fact, i am doing the two of them just what he wants me to do him, for example, saying that
because my supervisor is report to my boss
but i think of future because you, you, you go to u.s. train
when you come back, you have to go to netherlands when you come back
because if i change the group, the boss sent me to go with that colleague now.
my colleague is the same as join as me
there is another that the newcomer has just arrived only two months after join arrived.
i don’t know how happy it is to go to u. s.
then as soon as you come in here, you have to go to u. s. go to project cool this way
without me, i actually don’t want to take support #pun #
you have to change other groups, so he is ask, and he is ask, instead of later
you don't need to take the support phone anymore
no need to get up in the middle of the night, so you don't need to check up to check that email all day without a whole day
there are very few but i mean will occur
but the problem is that your alocate's time go to see if it has happen.
you just want you to have to check email all day at night to see if there is something that may be.
you check once at six o'clock
at eight o'clock, you check once, then before you sleep at more than ten o'clock
then when you go out, take two phones to watch this way
is there a sound or misset call?
regret is okay
then it will definitely say that it must be equipped with a vege that is added to those dishes.
that is to say, i have less involve to go to me
but to say that we office, we mean that there is a whole group of colleague.
it's not ourselves organize
i mean we are together as if we say that you can draw yourself, and then you are responsible for saying that you send it to the newspapers every month.
i am not under, or i say that i have paid money to go to newspapers to send newspapers to newspapers.
there are very few things like organize visiting the elderly
he will organize seems to say some more to benefit to those employee. there will be some health talk
then organize said blood donation
those more on those blood doonation we are when we are wealth week
then there seemed to say that blood test
that is to pay for myself, but it seems to say, invite the person who invites the outside lab outside to come in
in our office, it means that if you take blood and take it back to check it, the price is more like saying discount
it will be organize. these seem to say that fundraising funds are
to the employees of my own factory, it seems that volunteer volunteer will donate money like this
there are, but because of those that we can be regarded as many different division
we are those of those of more on computers
so that is, different business group has its own organ ~ organize
then some seem to say that there are organize like badminton, but there is no really to go to join
there is something to say that there is any disease now, it seems like those h. one n. one
going home is to say that when the workmanship is back, you are more to relax, your mind
then i didn't say that i went to radio to listen like this
it's too much now, too much, it's not acceptable
i heard those who seem to say that backstreet boy celine dion
that is to say, the song of backstreet boys is that there are several popular as long as you love me and then drop after
then those air supply's then michael learns to rock's certain
then there are some rock, they seem to be shouting, so they are not acceptable, so they still go back before going back.
sometimes i go with my classmates.
most of you go to redbox
um, how does oldies go to such songs in the 1980s and 1990s?
then they will mean that they are the little year of even
the nutrition that your human body needs is in a cup of shake and then it is convenient for it to save your time.
other product facial also has those shampoo.
there are many very much. you know that they are working on office all day and then come home and have to rest. it is difficult for them to take out time to exercise or buy fruits and cut fruits. i am very lazy.
of course, there will be a lot of companies because of the companies doing health care industry.
multi -function is in a shake
there are a lot of a grain, but you eat that kind of pill, do you think you eat it?
you are talking about a capsule containing everything so far. i haven't seen such vitamins yet
if you have me, you can try it.
just say that you can drink it, you can be full, you eat that kind of pill, you just can't be full, just drink it like this as a support
one cup was just the beginning of the member fees, which was four hundred and eleven
then if you enter the member twenty -five pakistani, there will be about 300.
it is not a drug, it is a nutritional meal to nutrition, it is nothing like the nutropion meal
then if you do not encourage, we will say that you say that you just drink this in your life.
i just bought a lot of vitamin to eat before i am aza
then i said that she felt very troublesome now, so i said that i had to eat so many pills every day
you are talking about the company and the company pill
i have edward amway.
others are also solirt. i do n’t say that they also say that they also have their own characteristics that their food also has their own characteristics, but i choose this company because of the main thing because i think his product is very suitable
doing it seriously is because i fresh grad comes out and said that i just started back to return
difficulties must be there, because you said because m. l. m. you said in malay, you said in malaysia
when i hear it, i talk about m. l. m.
if you say you want you to do, you can find people. you are looking for people.
some seem to be tiring all day long.
because they had eaten amway before, i said that i told them like this
just talk about you eating this product, it's better than you buy so much
those supplement come to eat
he will be more expensive than pharmacy. i can tell you frankly
however, because his products he contains nutrients, all of which are from phar ~ pharmacy say that there is a certain distance
it is said that pharmacy, they said that the popularization of his price must be popular, and then he said that the product he sold is that sometimes it may be possible
it is said that comparing unilaterally, for example, there is magnesium, you are only magnesium, calcium, only calcium
you are talking about m. l. m.
because m. l. m. he just talks about direct sales
because m. l. m. look at the company you choose
some companies, such as amway or herbalife, those are international companies that are international companies
it is said that it is more ordinary than that kind of pharmacy factory.
more commonly developed
its effect will be better than it and say m. l. m. its things
then pharmacy said that because pharmacy is mainly wholesale, he can buy it in some shops. you can buy it.
then m. l. m.
i will follow up, you just say that i will see what you eat
it is said that we will give you how to eat the correct makes. you can eat it if you eat it
just say that you buy this at pharmacy
actually, he is sometimes he can be in marketing plan. sometimes you can
just say, for example, if you want to run its business business, you can follow the market marketing plan. if you just want to eat
then i said that other companies, i don’t understand herbalife.
its marketing plan is cool.
it does not say that the higher the more people, the more they say that they can eat it for free because they can make a lot of money every month, and then say that i will talk about us.
let's say that there will be a certain discount.
he won't talk about how much your level you have, you will discount less and less and less
it is said that if there is no such thing, we say that we have given every customer every customer.
this is this this is because m. l. m. it is its policy or this way
but it is depends on your effort
it was later because they said before that they had because each of them went to top before they went to top.
before you, you, you have to go to the level of you, you have to go through a lot
you have to put in a lot of time to pay the correct study and then you later said that you can get it very well
it's okay to do that kind of use to use it like normal
for example, those companies those companies have come in malaysia for a long time
that is to say, they have been in malaysia for many years
then he was very small because many people were doing it
you talk about amway, who doesn't know that many people say that someone introduced me before, what would happen and then
just say, for example, herbalife has only come in malaysia for four years, and it will not come in 2006
just say that there is no saying that skip does not talk about that kindcut, you have to rely on your own level.
at present, i am part time. at present, i just said s. a. p. course
it is said that there is a permanent job
it is said that at the same time, there are also those free time to do herbalife
then look at what if okay is good time
currently operated by part-time
if you are a nutritionist, you will have the additional.
for example, if you don't want to talk about m. l. m. general business, you sell a product
you sell a product, such as laptop
you talk about laptop, you are just working there, then laptop is you doing it yourself
just say that his product is effective to himself, you tell you what you are, you are your own identity, you nutritionist is good or ordinary students.
he is all eating product product.
if this is like this, his company frankly said that few people will rarely say, such as saying
for addition adapantage, some of the addition advantage confessing is that there will be some because you are all
of course you said, of course, you can say that others will feel more confident more convincing
just say you have to apply apply
if you say you guide someone else’s things, you tell what you talked to the customer, you want apply to give yourself first
several levels are looking at you.
if it is only basic, it seems to talk about distributor
you can also call your customer directly into member
then they are your offline consumer and at the same time member
then they bought the point that they would also give you the same way as income
for example, you go to you to go to supervisor level
it is said that he has five percent pumping like every bag and every bag.
that is to say, you are offline, they sell them to others, you are selling to others, and then they say that they eat them for themselves.
just say convert to your income
just say you can put you, you can put a few lines in one line, you can say that every time there is a new customer, you can put it directly
well, you have to separate your own link to the side.
he didn't like him, he didn't have any other specifications to a few levels. you can't put you on a new line that he wants to open a new line.
very flexible
his income is the same, for example, if it is headquartered because it is in k. l.
if some of them are offline, they can't be with me with meet, it is difficult to get with me meet, they directly buy with the company
then buy it directly to buy him and say that they have point itself.
he point then follows percentage and then said that each work will have every month company
i will give you a cheick and say that if you buy it, if he buy it with you, you will sell it directly to him
when he bought the company, he said that the company gave you cheque
use his point as percentage to give you the same price for you to take the same price
to him is him, because if i am member
he is also a man with member.
you seem to have no choice but you have to get it because he bought him his point
he also said that he can also say that he can with himself
the point of the product you bought
his point can combine
then you can promote to another level after combine
he has distributor
at the beginning, the distributor was then the supervisor supervisor said that the 50 percent discount
the next step is the get team world team president team
i really say that the basic manager goes on to supervisor
this level first
there is no rule that it is looking at point
if you add up the four people, you can get the four people of supervisor together
four people with supervisor together
he is consumer itself
because i said that they are continuing to calculate in a point in the point
ordinary family
his one will be very wide, he is depends on you
you have a few ways you have supervisor, such as i talked about that kind
just say you see how much your monthly performance, how much product do you buy when you buy a month, how many products do you receive?
that kind of family is hard to say
some family has eaten a lot, some family, they eat very little
if you say this, it is difficult for them to have a conclusion how many family can be made to earn
take the level then
customer that is carefully used
just say that you go to supervisor, they say that because of their point
some because you want to go to supervisor, everyone must have at least one thousand points
it is said that it doesn’t matter if you have a thousand point if they have a thousand points.
just say that they are consumer and then said
my forum m. n. facebook said that emails like blogs
then i want to do office if not
it's finance
because they talk about earning in ~ invest, they can make money and can do those financial planner.
i think it is very competitive because after all, they are easy to find finance, but many people in the management family
compared to his comp science, his course
they think that if you read the management, many of the workers can do it because each company has management
things at that management level so they feel that every company needs it
in that market's market, it will go low
if malaysia can't find a job, i plan to run foreign countries
i would like to go to singapore
so i said that because singapore's exchange rate is two pieces, four, two, two, two, two and a half so
two thousand because of the management work sometimes two thousand because you come out and you are thousands of eight
go to japan to go to that new new zealand
then psy ~
i had an impulse before i was going to minor that japanese with him, but i think about it
my finan ~ my main class is our class is
pay attention to the course i finance, the course of major is already burden. i think so i think
i take that japanese again
we have never learned this from others language.
if you learn language again, i'm afraid
can't balance my time because we still take his course
that language goes down
i rarely use other language # contoh # example
if we go to a company, we can use it.
only then will we encounter japan use those japanese
then i had to take japanese before because i said i was going to go to that japan to get so so i had an impulse
he will compare you nice because you will have his language
that's the original reason and then i want to get it back to psycho because i am the most important thing.
i want my major course to get the good one c. g. p. a.
the minor affects our major course, our c. g. p. a. it will fall to a very good so.
if your c. g. p. a. no.
there are many companys below 3:3:5, not you, because he said why i want to ask
c. g. p. a. people who did not do, do not ask for the same job with the same job higher than 43.5
because competitive we are so so so
i won't talk about reading, so rely on that c. g. p. a. let's help us find meals to eat like this
my first year i go to the countryside
i went to the countryside and i have entered the countryside.
on the first day, meeting’s day is like a heavy rain like today
because when i came in u. s. m.
at eight in the evening, meeting is dangerous. one girl, do n’t want me to go
then those people in k.
this way, i said there is no interest. then i will talk about it.
during the holiday he, he passed after i went to his first second and third meeting
after i went to his meeting so a month, i thought
probably we know his meeting
holidays left in one month, i went to the part time job
few people want to be one, one, one
ah one month
if you look for a house, there are few people who want to rent
then two months
i want to ignore my experience to go to the countryside like this
after that conduct has a committee
i think there is less commontee
i will drop it directly. i don’t want this to go to the countryside.
go to k. f.
he meeting is all at ten o'clock, and i take a bus again at ten o'clock. sometimes, if there is no bus, i go back and laugh at me.
then the second impulse is to participate in that meditation meditation that
it is also at 8:30 to 10:30 pm to 10:30 in s. k.
then i went to s.
he is sitting on the air-con, because we want to be hot
i am strange that he is on the air-con
then i didn't say anything because everyone's way was different. i was quiet.
very dirty because d. k. in that d. k. very dirty
then i feel that meditation must be in one
we have to concentrate on sitting quietly. someone speaks. i am a person who cannot concentrate
i just want to learn this meditation to compare me to me
then he plus his air-con sound
once you call it out once, i call me ten times. every time i reaches the seventh time, the air-con will sound
when it sounds very loud, i ca n’t concentrate on so so i will scare a failure.
then he gave us fifteen minutes like this
if you really have meditation, they have this experience. they said that they can do it many times and do ten times and ten times.
he asked me if he really told him
we suddenly spoke next door when we were meditation
when someone goes to the toilet closer
second, there is this question. three, you air-con
go to 10:30 u. s. m. yes
ah at ten o'clock to run out until ten o'clock, i have to go back from s. k. go back # tekun # over there
ah, that eleven just let me go away
i just fooled and then i will concentrate in my study
go to shopping very much and speak like a friend, but then i also church in my hometown.
the buddhism in my hometown will have a camp every time i have a living camp.
the camp of the young people, so i have to compare the active over there over there
then i will compare with relax.
because we are committee after all
then because sometimes committee is not allowed to join us
don’t play for us because he knows that you will wait for the commitee to play too crazy and ignore the other team members
he said that you don’t play, first, you wait for all the members of you to play members. after you play it all, you can only come to the committee.
i just want okay and then i wait for me and wait
i waited because he is more than that of the new new manbers that he is relatively shy, because you don’t know
because new environment so will not be adapt.
the first stage i play first
i just play and then see them when they see them.
i tell him that they are very so so i want
because if you play it, he will rely with the point on us.
then when combine went down, we did not divide the committee and those team members.
you can’t get them when you climb and play.
if we call them depends on every time, we will not have one
their mind will not grow
we just do this camp for them to grow up. if we take care of him every time, we take care of him
ah, every time they are rely, we depends, we have no opinion
ah so we want to balance to balance
our gulong has a culture
no camp can't get it.
no camp is able to be able to
our commontee cry is more serious than members
invite them to parents
our everyday, we can't have our mother every day at home
then some committee will call their mother too
knowing his family background so
because of our life camp, because when we are approaching
tuition afternoon
i only have time at night meting
at night meeting, because we are still
those in our hometown are sos from village
because save cost
uh name is regina
uh this year is c. s. communications studies year one then nineteen years old this year
uh, uh, after getting results, it seems because i am because my sister from this school then she is n. s.
then uh, but i want to go to n.
uh, when i was in middle school, i was helpful.
uh, i thought i would do a lot like newswriting, but now, there are many theory
many theory then wow is very different
uh, it seems uh last semester.
uh, speak like this or like, if i speak to you, what does it mean that that kind of meaning then then how to give a speych
uh journalism and uh p.r., because i still do n’t need to decide because i still do n’t need to be in year one so
ah, it seems that like you help the company to promote their image seems to be like compared-say like that time when # toyota # now the car got problem right ya like who whothos e who the person who will be uh, uh, uh news release likereporter like press release, the press conference is made by p. r. people
it seems to be the previous professor of the then.
funny, but uh, but i think the two and andables ya of the two anders can work with
yes, it's not just because now we are just year one then.
how to teach uh, not to the like, because it is still the basic of year one, so we are doing basic, but like
if root play seems to be like you, you seem to be acting, you are a like, uh
department store's sales girl then like, if that customer is very uncomfortable to you
to then
uh, i want to go to korea.
uh because of what firstly, it seems that uh go to asia a university is more cheap
uh compared to like the united states or like in europe that know then i also quite like to watch korean show like me.
if you can go there like six months, you will be very happy. the subjects as in your time, the case, you can s. u.
uh, it should be because their university also has the kind of exchange program
i have been to uh, i went to live with friends last year and last year. holiday then
i don't want to come back for eight days.
that face shop, because we go to tour then that the tour guide will take us to the like different places then last day brought us to face shop that fast shopping
they are really like their cosmetics a lot of then
it's tour
no, no, but like in the end, we do n’t have shop. many are just like-just the first day of like and like last day
we are young, we want to go, but like they not really the shopping kind ya but then so we just # we ya keep shopping and shopping
ah now i have the korean language level one then hopefully like of the korean language level in h. m. k.
if you can learn it, you will like will help me to learn also yah
look at that uh-
ah, i didn't look at that big, i think a bit boring, but my friend said it was very good, but i didn't see it because i felt very long because i felt very long
ah, i look at that uh, the trick, uh, uh, uh boys over flower.
that kind of yah is like's first most popular. many, many, many, many, many
i didn’t see the stairs of the kingdom of heaven because they cried too much. i didn’t i really like
she likes to watch that k. s. k. b. s. many channel ya were good -looking
uh, not talk about government, or talk about like-ya, is not not not interneting ya
night market to the but theiirs is who day all very big ya like a very very big area
it seems uh you know the like the like they will set up along the street one
ah that entire temple is made with gold that is very bright that the very bright then the my dad like to see this kind of thing
uh, i said to ya then, my friend said to see because it looks very beautiful, like the beautiful like yah, the kind of love is very much like a woman, but you know that they are not a woman like a woman
that mango is very delicious, but very sweet, don’t eat too much, you will like to become fat.
their food is pretty delicious. like, their pineapple rice
that's delicious, there is, but they seem to be cheap and delicious, so do you think # shiok # that kind ya
just a lot of shopping like-cauth my sister like my second sister sister she like to shop also so we shop shop shop
that kind of like # chulalongkong # that like it will be like a big
a lot of then many people go to the butn, if you want to go to right, you can't wear that kind of shorts, you can't wear shorts
if you want to go in that temple, go to worship
i don’t know clearly i think maybe they open maybe ten at 10 o'clock in the morning. at about 6 o'clock in the evening, this kind
but it ’s very hot when i went, it’ s very hot. it ’s not raining for a day. it’ s really super hot. i do n’t know if know why so hot also because-
it's not that the december should rain, but the like super hot then
ah, many of their taxi colour are very similar to singapore. only like yellow and blue right and like white that kind but then they have a like pink column.
there is no just last year only becaue like everytime usually decept that all very busy then that my sister my sister school even thought though l ike the the student holiday but then teacher still wants the kind of prepare for school
but because there is no last year, you can go to if not normally.
recently, j. #johore-bahru #
i went there, uh, i have a friend with a friend last year like like the like, the like you take the s. b. s. bus.
uh, malaysia is our north right right right.
but it seems that we also go out to like the hawker center to eat like to eat like this. i don't know why but then.
uh, let's watch the show. we go to see that liang zhiqiang. well, the ghost's where got ghost, because uh malaysia, the show is very cheap and cheap, like i went there to right
my tick's price is four pieces in singapore in new singapore
but here in singapore, the one of the ten pieces of our four pieces here is really cheap.
because it is very cheap, go to watch the movie, then go to eat and dinner
but it's very fun that then like you know, it is cheaper.
when we left, it seemed to be more than ten take bus i thinking
it seems that their bus seems to be the like normal bus service like at 11 o'clock, 12 o'clock.
probably less maybe twenty minutes, uh uh
uh, do you need to go to woodlands to go to urralty station or #marsiling #
because they like, if you take the m. r. t. right then, which store would they say that you can take bus to jo ~] # johore-bahru #
if you remember it should be either # kranji # or admiralty then, they would say uh, like you can transfer to the bus that
it's not that you want to go down. it seems to be like like normal coach. the normal tour bus is going to # malaysia #, but like instead of the tour bus in that coach in the terminal boach.
because when we go, it is um one that recess week
we go to during recess week then, i don't know why it is weekday, but many people don't know
because it is so closer, the like doesn’t need st ~ like to stay in the night
uh, i went up, but that time was the first time as in ya, the kind of public bus
it seems that like before that the last time i know was going to church camp church camp that church camping
to k. l. from singapore
it's quite long, but then the camping seems to be camping at that hotel
not the camping is not like, but they are called camp they say is a camp, but like is not the kind of camping camping, but the like it seems that the kind of facts of the workshop has the kind of games.
it's not very miserable. like, you want pitch that test, it's not that miserable
uh, because my family is a christian then, it seems like this since i was young
the kind of then went to the child, school,
but now it seems that uh is cell group leader like you
uh, because i am now a young boy who is a young man, the youngest is very like the youngest.
uh, i teach the 16 -year -old ya
it's not like teaching like like guide them like the like if like
there are difficulties, it seems to be the kind of that of their big sister, which is pretty good
there will be like, i am fifteen years old and fifteen years old and three years old.
just like a workshop mini workshop like like every sunday, it will teach you a like how to teach how to teach the younger people.
when their leader is right, i am fifteen -year -old right thenen.
really soon ya then
it seems to teach the kind of then from that bible
it seems that there will be no really to teach like more of discussion
uh because like, if they have any questions, then like we try to anger
if you have any questions, there will be older like the oldest.
uh, it seems that head like pastor
it seems like if like and like, what do you say
it's safer, you think like is more secure because like you you know what to do then like like eventually, you are still alone, you
maybe what to say like
there seems to be the kind of so is like
uh, you want a place and then like hope get an answer
heye, no me, i think like god, he is doing things right
no one can uh, no one, no one can know what he will do that kind of thing.
he will really like follow through. he will be ya she will.
if like's last right at the mo ~ at the end right still thing are bad right then, you have to believe that like is good because like seems to be like we believe that he has a plan for us. we have always like plan.our life for us alream all the way like
so like no matter what he will take care of us, you will feel very happy to hear this like this like this
there are not so many so many, but like it seems
it seems that they will be said to be neighborhood j.
so go to then
it seems that i really live there and it seems that it is very bitter because of like-
uh, because my middle school, they seem to be protective our like our like it seems that their really like is concerned about our and then because i am from all girl school.
there is not there because i and my good friends are not in the same school
how to say like, like, like beginning, at the beginning, but then after that like get better then
i don’t know why i and like when i got it with like.
i know i don't have study, but
that school, i was posted to right, i don't think it should be because
uh, other schools their cut off point
really like it too low, so i couldn't go to that school then, then like to follow god like very angry, because i think it should not be as in like
i'm not like, i'm so miserable, it's so miserable, but i'm going there, but i am going there but
go there, there seems to be, i really like god, god seems to be
every day, so many schools seem to be uh, uh, uh believes in christianity, very few really.
so like feels this-because compared to middle school is very different
i just think like, i am really afraid that i can’t go to college because like-i tested uh because of my
my j. c.
then i am really afraid that i can't get in or go to so i like to read it.
i think uh, i thought i would like to take the test is not so good because
it seems like you have that kind of feeling do you know?
because uh, i haven't thought of the then happy ya so like then after that i realise like
uh, when i was studying in the prepare for exam, it was
if you do n’t have mir ~ it ’s really hard to do without god’ s like rely on
it seems that yah then, if you like you just and god, pray to the.
that kind of thing yah then is because my eldest sister is like the church of the leaders like the bigger leaders then
it seems that she has a many like like, if i think like she will pray for the kind ya so like-
it seems that it can be said
because my sister said, she thinks she thinks she may not be there if i did n’t go there without going there.
can't make it into uni because it seems uh
actually, i can see that d. s. a. it seems to use your c. c. a. help you go to uh other schools because i can
uh, because i play that women's british basketball, the netball then has other schools looking for someone
but at that time, i don't think i want me, don't go, don't use c. c. a. go to then, do not use the then to go then end up there
because it seems like that kind of wake up call, it can be said to be like this
in j. c. time
so really like you will have to live # wahlau #
it seems that like year one is about to end.
eleven likes will be here at 11 o'clock
uh, two weeks ago, it was recess week then. i did not stay at hall at home
he is doing that i. a. that. that intern for six months. the kind of six months. he said that he said that the work is very # sian # very stress
it seems that they have been doing things for you, because you are internet, you are not full time staff then. it seems that they will give you that kind of like that kind of like, but like needs the kind of a lot of labour by the like a lot of labour.
that is, in office, people usually call me hui-hoon
of course, those who have play with me m. n.
he asked me all day to make rice to make rice because they would read beat rice
there will be people there will give these names beat rice
what kind of desa-green, i started to develop before my house was built.
after that, the developer goes down
it goes away and then stop is over there
then the other flat was built, and we left us. we have not been developed.
the place where i live is basically a small zoo
so it is a night that it is nightmare.
then there is a playground in front
then the playgrount often runs concept in recent years
that god's concert
yesterday, i just held a concept
the location is very good because it is town area
then you are going to go to that tanjung-bunga or go to # relau # its time is almost the same
traffic over there
it's a good jam to see the time
seeing time it is relatively jam when it goes to school
because many schools near many schools and many primary school and that secondary school
there are several times, so it's very jam
most are hokkien #lang #
if there is no jam, it is fifteen minutes
in agilent
do customer service
i will, i am a create quotation
then do the order entry
its workload will be more
your speed will be fast
then you will be focus, you focus will be fast
the working environment is very good, but it is very comfortable
look at it like the hotel of five star
then always renovation
then very okay
its environment is very good environment
just as dell's work is now doing tech support technology
if they have to practice the computer, if they have questions, they must first come in to us
then we check
we will send engineer to help them on site service
i help them pick up service to go to our workshop to repair it.
both of them have from our level. my level is consumer level.
the course that i read before is not related to the computer. i read the environmental science
i am at u. k. m. reading for three years environmental science
after that, the work of the environment science is quite limited k. l. it will be more
then i wanted to work in penang for the time being, so i just found a friend and friend to dell technical support in penang.
after i did-time, i did the computer and sold the computer.
if you have been there for two years, you will do better, as if there is no intention, there is no down, or if there is an organic will rise, if you should go back to k. l.
not because the dell there is the performance-based that is very performance. what do you do?
just get more or more when you login time
after you customer feedback, your quality has data
if you do it well, if your data is good, it will soon be promoted to support lead first means a small leader like team leader
after that, you may be promoted because i have seen a lot of okay.
we are now from b. one to rise later b. two
the fastest is two years or from one to two years to two years, so if i can see if i can have a strong force, i can go back to k. l.
after that, i rose to manager
if you put it again, it should be more than five or six years.
so i want to see if there is an organic meeting.
when you turn to department at the same time, you may follow the rise
it is handle, his department
penang people are actually penang, but i am more likely to be more happy than k. l.
it depends on area because i live before i live in # bangi # that area is not there.
but the job oppointunity in penang in penang is all in that # bayan # # # lepas # area.
go to k. l. can i find the fact that the factory on the side of the klang shah alam is the case.
k. l. there are more friends and friends who know the different states in u. k. m.
now penang is my father, mother, and my second sister.
later, the government workers would be more than that of the environment.
it is because the achievement is not good enough so i. t.
in my eight choice, i am from one to july to sixth is the eighth of i. t.
after that, i can take a degree and then play it because it is better to read the country's major learning comparison.
after reading it, i still like it. t. t.
for these kinds of government departments, the kind of quality air quality, or even the kind of # indah # water or the kind of # syabas #
those waste water treatment can be done in the whole
after that, this way is also engineer's only temporarily because i can't get the previous form six i can't get i. t.
it is also true that if i. t. will this side?
continue in i. t.
there are right right, but because before i was going back to penang to find me, i think about the ratio of this side in penang.
before i was in k. l. i had interview and had that type of work.
because i am going back to the penang institute, i ca n’t find this type of work in penang. i have a fewer friends. my friends and friends have one. one penang friend is here.
the kind of jobstreet before i was looking for me also saw that there are quality system, what kind of officer, but there are apply, but there is no repide.
even after the last, take dell technical support
i also thought about me just because the first company will be more than dell is okay. if you are performance, you can do it.
if i really make a quality, if you are doing the quality control every day, you just look at that data to measure things all day.
you are actually not so rising, because i consult has passed my sister and asked her to see her
my big sister, i asked my elder sister, my eldest sister is now in k. l. do that design of the under # chan # # fong # that company to do the design
after that, consult has done a lot of work, she also jumped her work.
then she showed me a safety and health or quality office
you are at most to h. r. that kind of department's manager is also as if it will soon be the short.
you are an office after being promoted to the manager, so you do n’t have it if you do n’t have it.
i have seen me, i have a senior in the previous me u. k. m.
so he did n’t think of being a long time to be a time to do this.
another point is that this consultant did not say that when you can do consultant, when you want to do audit, please ask the consultant company to enter the audit audit.
fortunately, i am really happy to run out. it's just that i really want to see me. t. how will there be any changes in this side?
at the age of two or three, there are still time to give me me messy.
i didn't want to continue reading and read it.
if you want to begree or if you want money
without me, i didn't want to becialize, that is, i just want to go to try that. t. what can i change there?
that's my interest. i was originally better than the aspects of the more happy computer aspect. i want to see what the side i want that side.
then i went there to learn a bit of networking or his dongxi just moved a little bit.
therefore, it is quite interesting to be quite interesting.
there is no just try to read the first two years to read the master for the first two years before reading the book.
i can come out, i do n’t like it. i do n’t like it. t. when i ’m a result, i am a work. i have money and make money.
you mean you read the master
but i didn't even have degree.
okay
but i feel that i have to read so much. it ’s the same. in fact, it’ s later. it ’s more than a lot of time to watch the work.
human workers have been experienced two years older than you, he has been raised earlier than you, and he has been done by you.
as a result, the same thing is because based i am the big sister of based on my elder sister.
she came out of her first work. t. but she did n’t understand it for three months. she did n’t do it.
after two years of doing it, she jumped over and jumped. i felt quite correct. i tried to try different dongxi. i wanted to try the different try.
i still have a direction
i know that there must be a direction
because i was in company, i also recognized that i had just turned around and entered the company with the same batch
he was in his three decades. he also told us that if he doesn't fight now, he didn't have to fight for him. he told him that he had been on intel for seven years.
i know that because it is because my graduation comes from graduation, it is really not as direction.
i thought that i still didn't have a clear direction in the end
after that, try to enter this kind of m. n.
they can give you to try, they are very encouraging encourage.
at that time, the eighth choice said that the eighth choice i will put him eighth because i think i think the environment
i will need it in the future, so i put it in the future, so when i put it, he got it after he got it after he read him. only about sixty babia, i really did n’t really like it. if i really want me, i may think of that kind.energy resource will prefer that one aspect
later
because i am more happy with fieldwork, i also take it with it.
but in biology, what you read is all you read that kind of animal biological ecology.
after that, the name of the animal's name was that i was quite interesting. i first took that was to go to fieldwork. because of that course, i can run here all day and go to fieldwork.
i chemistic is the worst
i can't, i can't see that kind of c. h. c. h. c. o. o.
it is said that bio is still okay
so i chose biology because geology is very # sian # reading the stone head to read that kind of earthquake.
that health is doing that kind of bacteria in lab all day.
this biology is a kind of thing that is more health to do lab. i hate lab # pun # all day to hide in that lab all day.go back and do it straight through all week before you can finish it. #sian#
it depends on which aspect will have one thing as if my internet before is my# latihan## foundri#.it's the quality of gu environment
he asked me that it was difficult for me to top it? do you ask me when he asked me when i asked me.
after a long time, it may be that i will also worry that this may be side effects and side effects and side effects. these kinds of parts you don’t understand every day, you suck you. you are healthy now. maybe the cumulative effect of that effect will run out before you run out before you run out.like this
now i have done it for almost two months. because of the weekdays weekdays that i have started in august and august in august, i did it from 9 o'clock to six o'clock
that is to say, nine hours are not right. if you are right, add lunch
nine hours and nine hours of lunch
for depends, the entire dell call center, which is dell, is only australia new zealand and the new slope malaysia in penang
after australia new zealand, of course, i didn’t have any progress because the call of the foreign country.
they are too darling, and then there is that kind of native cavity.
we have a target of each agent at least one time on the week. because it is not necessary to come in on the sixth stage of the week.
one day to listen to the two or fifty days, the two. two, which are also depends, on the second.
except for more than one person, there is more call. he is really the target that is changing every day, but it is a basic guideline.
then there is interest and there seems to be that what attracted you will be like to see if you look at it
sometimes it seems to say that you are attractive o. k. look at it
there is nothing to do financial investment, but there are insurers who have cover.
go to the infestment yourself.
well, i don’t seem to know that i do n’t know if i do n’t know if i do n’t know if i ’m not confident.
what you want to buy seems to say that you do n’t know that they do n’t know their secure
that is to say, it seems that it will be very secure, and now it is very common to compare those that time
go out like this and turn it around. k. i can buy it, so i didn’t say really to go online to buy this
no one because i seem to say that credit card has nothing to say that i didn’t apply to go to access online banking
so i haven't done online banking
because if you want to transfer, some a. t. m.
the more impressive shrek, right?
oh shrek one shrek two
that prince charming means that shrek one is the shrek two he and his wife.
oh, the shrek, the prince charg
but that princess still prefers that shrek like this
what is plan? i didn't go to plan. what is it?
every day travel comes and go to the travele and then gets home.
i haven't opened the three lane, the day was just the opening ceremony.
after that, there are two more lane rights left.
you will see that the more serious now is that the work hours are when you came to penang when you came here.
then when you go back, penang is more jam when he returns to beihai
so people who want to pass the north sea on friday are really thinking about this jam to be very good.
it seems that industry area can be directly rand.
on the side of beihai, u-turn is on the u-turn on the side of penang bridge
so there is no such jam like this
i can drive to k. l. my sister’s house like this
most of them are driving by yourself. l. drive yourself by yourself
because my sister’s child is my mother, my mother, i parents to help her take care of her
when i encounter a long vacation, i will drive and carry them to k. l. go for a week like this
my supervisor i often speak english to him many times
in fact, there are very few practice
some lecturer i will record with him. if you look at them as native, i will also use french to talk to them to talk to them
most of the time you will use french and others
one hundred twenty credit
it's just that the sit in does not need to take an exam
you can get a little bit if it is something you will
you can get a little bit, but if you are some of your knowledge, you are very new, you still really have a hard time guess it
what is completely?
so my french is still bad so far
no one except paris will tell you english
and there may be only those high -end restaurants in paris in paris
maybe they will tell you english or go to those hotspots of those tourist
what he will tell you in english should also be tourist, in addition to that, if you go, you can go wherever you go.
the language they use is only french
it will be better for other europan country
no culture shock is because i have been to other places before
therefore
i don’t know what bacteria or virus or what i don’t know.
i went to the pharmacy to buy that medicine
after that, go to the general doctor
after that general doctor, i gave me a medicine after buying it
just ran back to tell the general doctor that he told him the medicine he gave it for a week or two or not without changes
he told me that if you want to see specialist, you may have to wait for three months and six months because many people are in line.
he proposed to tell me that you might as well go to that hostal to see
go to those public's hospital to see because he said, because he said
after that, he wrote a letter and asked me to go to the hospital to see
after that, i didn't take the letter to the hostal to see
the person inside asked me to see me, he asked me, do you have any account? after that, i said that i do n’t have any account just, just uh, i ’m not telling me the general doctor.
look at that eye because if you want to wait for specialist, you may have to wait a long time.
fortunately, i go to see that specialist
it is okay for me that the medicine is used
and it ’s cheap to count it because a specialist goes to see him a advice just like 20 or thirty euro.
so it is cheap. if you really go to con ~ consult, i believe it is definitely expensive
i asked me to buy the medicine and i won't talk about it in that pharmacy
so sometimes the expensive and cheap medicines will not affect its efficience
during that time, it can be said that the meaning of lab is that most of the time is working
we u. s. u. s. m. computer science
after that, my supervisor
i actually go to my p. h. d. after u. s. m.
when i took the scholarship, i told my supervisor
i have a schoolship
in fact, i went to singapore
after that, he told me to change it to france because they had a link there
he can help me send my application to france
find a seat and a supervisor.
so just like this
my choice is not to go to singapore, which can be said because
in fact, it seems that they are going to enter that p. h. d.
it can be said that it comes to a course of level of the master equivalent level
it should usually be if you want to enter p. h. d.
but fortunately he can be exempt. i don't need to take that course
if you want to take that course, i must die because it is fren french’s
take p. h. d. it's more troublesome
sometimes i go to some conference
when you go to conference, you will be happier because you can be because you go to the conference
that lab will pay, your transport hotel
you will be able to be extent for a few days to play there for a few days in there
go to conference
some ideas
after that, the main meaning of the most important meaning of conference is actually
it seems that you want to talk about okay you, you idea is your present first
the most important thing is that this is the case. if you ask me, it will be more needed if you write journal
you want you to let your paper be being accepted by accept
he gave that talk
he talked about one of his experience
his paper
it took four years to be accepted
because he is just a special case because he will spend a lot of time, he will spend a lot of time
his verification process is a verification process may
will be more tedious
after that, he will talk about okay, if your paper is lucky to be by acc ~ acc ~ accepted
he will talk about okay, you need a modification modificatian
after you want the correct correct correct, after sending them again, they think that if it is not okay, after send returns it to you again, you modify model
but it is relatively different in conference
he might be either, he will be either accept or rejection
if accept
it means that he will give you some comments and call you to change
change this and change that, but if you don't change it, it is okay
he is trust, you will change
he won't go to check to see if you will really change it
it means that he is not that of the one of the conditional.
he is not conditional acceptance
i didn't give you any condition
in journal, he is talking about okay
we will be accept
there are such things, but there is no in conference
so sometimes you want to be conference
look at the current trend
what new ideas do you have with your releas
of course, some sub-benefit are you who can travel
so some of the more high levels are going
it seems that lectural level is all going to create their so -called network
so if you are for exmple, what if you know someone, you may have some projects, they can ask you or you want
you can participate in some of them project and the like
there are still grants to apply together
some experience
i have been to the conference when i went to conference
that conference is in italy
it is close to milan
quite close to milan
so there is conference
i took that train to venice
after you arrived in the morning, you will be early morning
i didn't live there in venice
because venice is too expensive there
its hotl
after that, if you want to go to venice, you should go early because
the city of venice is going to sink
because the so -called one of the greenhouse
after that, except venice
there should
that place that city is called #antwerp #
it came from northern belgium
that city is famous and seems to be famous as diamond, right?
after participating in conference, i ran to the city center of belgium
not or not in the city center capital
forgot, just in that belgium capital, you know that belgium's country is a very special because
the south of it is rules by people speaking french
i am a student in the accountancy course
now i am on the five core modules of take
i think it is very heavy, but i think to put in a lot of hard work
this period is when most projects are coming in
just come to so
want to prepare
i have been playing the most mean, i have been playing
i am from hall six. actually, i find a lot of people.
we have to raise money for the camp that is going to occur in july or august
just let them integrate into this hall, we will have a seven -day camp
there are some activities, such as fright night to scare them
let them recognize how hall six culture is because of hall six
their pride themselves of being like very sporty considered a sports hall
so quite, their camp revolve around
their games of their own is pretty pretty physically tiring so
like army
uh, in addition to join hall, i also have join handball
uh, this is actually not a very recoted c. c. a. a. i think is quite new
it's just a bit like basketball and soccer mix together
there is a goal post like soccer, but you can drive the ball
that's so so
my not very good so, okay so
now workload is relatively heavy
because i am business manager
it is although in twenty thousand in the twenty thousand.
but it is still a lot of money to raise a thousand so
then we also have a few big projects, that is, great eatern has this kind of complete survey forms
every survey can earn four to six yuan to fill in a survey
they are the information of those people, so they may uh graduate when they go to work
sometimes i think, our friends, they also understand so, they don’t be harassed, so they are free.
sometimes sometimes my friends see my message, they will be a bit afraid of this
actually i also know because if it is me, i think i want to do it
the reason for friendliness i think will be more willing to donate, but mine is just raising money
there is no way so
three major's activity in a year
one is orientation camp which is what i do now
the second is dinner and dancer
sometimes they have any pirates sometimes dressed as ghost i mean are not different every year
can't be cheap rentume, costume seems to have fifty or forty yuan one day
you need about fifty dollars to go to that hotel
so this is d. n.
uh, it is also a product play product
mine is the most money because mine is seven days so my task is also the heaviest
although it costs the most, committee is also the largest biggest commission so okay every out i thinkk
he is raise some funds for hall then if like the hall to go to holiday
recently, okay, i just talked about my childhood things, i am
when i was in elementary and elementary school, i was the neighbourhood school i think from qifa primary school
you know okay, because okay so is in my school
in fact, when i was a kid, i think my dad asked me to ask me quite high
my dad is a very strict one one by one,
my dad is also because my dad has been pushing me actually now because i know because i think i think is good.
then he didn't relax at that time, so every time i feel a lot of pressure
at that time, i liked the most like to fight i like to do most is to play badminton
we are also my c. c. a. i don’t understand why i met many good friends there
i like to do like very much, so i take class every day
i have always been a daydream just keep dreaming and hopefully i can.
my dad will wait for me to wait until i return.
he will read i not happy a bit then
uh in the end, i get my score. not
he has been talking
my brother also reads in the end. my father calls my brother to quit his c. c. a.
therefore
because actually doesn’t understand that some people think r. i.
i don’t understand that this is some comments i get from other place like. they will steal our notes friends
they will be in front of friends, they will smile and slum in the smile.
i think most people are very sincerer.
i think there is a family there like like
we have an identity so so so so
it's just because they later moved to bishan
i don’t understand that there is no words, that's a bit uncomfortable, so so so
in the class, cannot do anything you want last time you just like
scared the teacher and scold the teacher, so that the girl is now the girl is
now learn so okay j.
c. c. a. after that i didn't have join badminton. i replaced it with outdoor activities club that means.
the most important thing to go to i think with everyone is that just coming to play with friends to play so well
uh, we once, we once went to uh
i forgot that the place is the highest peak of southeast asia, the highest is malaysia
uh, actually is very high four thousand metres
uh in vertical height you take around four days four days
so just to go up for two days
uh i think, because it is very high, uh, i think, when you go to you to that height, you feel a bit of altitude sickness
they have arrived at three quarter high, then
our rest of us is because there is a hotel like three quarter
i don’t understand that it is another story waiting for me to talk
because so three quarter then after that, we climb up to the we reach the peak
fortunately, when then in the end reach three quarter, we have to memorize that girl’s
their backpack and their backpack is very heavy because there are many food tent, many of their clothes girls bring a lot of clothes with clothes
those who are sick, don’t have to take things down, so i ’m quite tired but okay in the end, it is very good
my other story is that when you understand that i climb up, our backpack is that i think i feel very heavy and climb up and go up. i think i'm tired. i am a man. i already feel tired.
i am in the hotels hotel three me ~ three thousand metres high
its food food and supplies of those water is taken from the mountains
those things these are all carric
so i think i took it, i have a bit, i can’t get it up. then these old ladies can also have the way up.
we are very ashamed and ashamed. but is really amazing.
uh okay army is again, a kind of thing that one life is enough for a lifetime
people over there like
like like this kind of selfishness
when people can't see it, some people will do it when they are tired.
uh, now i talk about what i am learning. in fact, there are some that i do n’t send cannot be use in real like jungle orientation like i wee
uh, go to taiwan. there are places where these are these places. we are just
at that time because i felt tired, because you had timeline, there was time to to meet so
i'm tired, you still continue to walk and continue to walk once. one time, my last mission.
we are really so tired that we are half -one -to -one, we can sleep, we can sleep.
the whole is a bit like a lot of feet, many soaked soaked, there is some but that there is no way to go on.
this is our last mission, we can come, we can commit
uh i think just by being having people with the site situation as yourrself you will, do you think he can then why i can't use this way like this
many people say that if they do their best, they will give up up
there is a little bit of food. you still know that there are five more days of things to do for one day.
you must not leave them, everyone, everyone wants to struggle together like this like this like every port in your best then
i really will survive the time after the ninth day each person will go back
very close so so so
no one to do the like toilet was wiped out of these jobs.
likes that can't be seen above will not see our commoner
i usually don’t do it myself, but because i think he has so hard, so i know that i know that i will always accompany him to do it.
maybe four or five of us
because he has been going to himself, we will not help him, no one will help him so
because it is pity that the some of thede pe conveying activity go very high up like people be able to see one no one,
i will meet many people actually i am not i am not uh, personally meet people, i am
call the answer phone calls
this way, then actually, if you are late, you may just fine fifty dollars
uh, the person of unreasonable, like, we obviously have like like notified him
sometimes we are sandwiched in the middle and sometimes the boss tells us
they want to speak to boss. do n’t listen to us.
they just made of the fact
come pressing us like, you are temporary, don’t lie to me, i understand
you are just you, you can’t be the master, just give me your boss then, the boss
maybe he can do something but some, and some of them. some of them are really stupid.
they talk about why must we pay
that kind of no anger
he just the tax is too high why you all do other.
uh, there are some that are also very sad like. you know that some people may like to understand for someone to die alone
he still wants to pay back tax
funny but there is no way because the tax period may be the april april to pay back the tax
one person died in march
he wants to pay back from last april to march's tax then
his family wants to help him pay back
he said uh, they are already very sad
his like kidney failure or something then he has already sad.
it's hard to hit the door
you have to pay back the tax sometimes may be very bad. maybe he wants to deal with this event.
he has spent a lot of money, and he has to ask them to pay back tax sometimes because some people do not understand that some people may might be them.
they do n’t know, in fact, i think many people do n’t understand that they do n’t pay back.
many tax on that on that on that on that family because, they did n’t pay back that tax but. sometimes it ’s really because they really do n’t understand what they
they have been like to say that they have been talking about # walau # give some chance because of this kind of things we know what then seems to be unpopular.
uh, then i. r. s. i came to college afterwards
ukay, in fact, i am my life. i was thinking about i will be going to n. u. s. s. becaue i stay in west coast i stay in the my <brother webent n. u. s. s. s. s.. ght i will be going there
but i don’t get so after that i want to read what i want to read.
i have decided to come to the accounting time for the accounting time
at that time, there were n. u. s. m. u. and n. t. u. then n. u. u. s. at that time, it seemed that there was no very deverted.
play with a friend like this actually badminton, although i like it, but
there is one thing because i and i have in the security
i don’t like to play, i don’t like him. i don’t like him.
because we have been to sec, we have always been
we play the whole year to play for a tran for game what
my mind put in a lot of effort i i like i mind i think it should be
they in the end put uh too much focus on having the result so when people make mistake
when we hit half of the game, we did wrong.
like a bit like no dignity
he is a friend who is very friend outside the court.
uh, i don't know if i don't know if i want to talk to him like to like
maybe he had scolded me on the court on the court. he would laugh with me after we finished the ball
so snerously i just
i didn't laugh at him so so i didn't do anything
ah that is how
then there is about for more than 20 twenty twenty days, three weeks plus
there are a few important in a comparative memorable. okay once in thailand
we, we are going out of the hotel. we are going to visit artd bangkok
today, what day is the last day?
we are waiting for us that one more person to speak to us. they seem to be not related
because he takes us to three or three temples, each time they will let us go to one place in one place, there will be someone there waiting for
that person actually will not come here to speak to us sometimes when we are waiting for them to be passing by like this
uh, like is very cheap. then then take it back to singapore to sell double three times
because they have no money, they are really
a package is for your country
then they will understand some of our places.
what soo-kee do they know what they know.
because they are very well read i think, they are very knowledgeable
so we are a bit like this, what they said, what do we have been here before, uh, business to do business
come and get our trust our true then
very powerful so in the end we have a friend who almost bought it.
then the friend of my not internet, he came there, pull us in chinese, because they don’t understand chinese because they don’t understand chinese
he has always told us a lot of flaws then in the end.
a little old that one thousand pieces of jewelry i think looks # pasar-malam # buy this
i have a friend, that's the one who wants to buy that friend.
they are a bit like to ask us why you didn’t buy why why you never buy
he has always been going to harm us like
we just run away so is this is thailand
our incident we think for many days, because if we really buy it, we can have cut the journey short just without money
he asked us for one of you who are you doing here
black is not the underworld, they pulled us to a shop, they have always been interrogate where we came from
what are we doing last night because of apparently
they are so afraid that then in the end my friend
we are thinking about how to avoid how to run out of the but.
i was beaten yesterday because several people were beaten yesterday.
it's not that we are not we, there seems to be that it seems like this is like this
they do not understand who hit them, they have always been
very very scary
i am my mother after that, i will go home and i tell my mother to tell my mother
she has always been afraid that she has always been afraid of like
uh thailand is the scam then
uh malaysia is that gangster then in vietnam vietnam
you go to the road over there is full with motorcycle
there is a food chain over there
our biggest is that bus bus is the most after bus.
so you cross the road, you have to see if there is a bus
their government has always been encourage so actually.
walk them to like, they are too squeezed on the road, they drove on the pavement
this place is very actually, cute, because of because
they are very dare to the ye very brave so need to book, just on the space,
we are i am a tourist attraction, so they all look at us all
i don’t understand what we are. they have always said a lot of words. we don’t understand
we try to them what we are doing here.
they are very young, they may be three years old, then the then after that, a friend, just plays with them to play with them
maybe then, then turns over there
because they i think rarely see tourist because we go to the place with # ulu #
we asked them what is their live like then
very actually, very interesting, they are the have never ben out of their village before
they asked us what other places are like
have you ever been to this place and this place, they don't understand
he didn't understand the like you of other countries told them we are from singapore.
go out of their village is the worldd
many people have many people to explore the adventure.
in the past, they fought and then their land mine did not clear drop. many people died there.
let's go to cambodia to talk about the real i think cambodia
it's pretty good because of their history because of their history
very scary because of i think for more than ninety -seventy years
they had a political political at that time
their basically they winted to this bunch of people who watch
their at the start is to do good for the county but in the end
they have always been afraid of their power lose lose to drop their own power
they are in the end, the entire population, they kill one quarter
and it ’s a very stupid reasoning. i don’t understand if you have read like
they have a detention barracks
many of them have one killing fields and one of their tourist attractions called killing fields
they think these people are polictical enemies then and they bring them just as he just kills them to kill them.
the entire family all eliminates all of them.
the way they kill them are not very professional. for example, they are there
baby of those prisoners
their corpses are all in their bones okay don’t talk about this very morbid subject
i am thinking that in singapore is very lucky without this kind of thing
i also have to go to britain to go to france and germany and spain spain
going there, i went to it was in winter so it was eh very cold the tempeature was always hovering around zero degrees arior
because at the because i think that singapore is very hot and hot, i'm thinking about it after i go there
the nose is first -class, corrupt runny nose then the
they just eat big fish, big meat, eat salad, they do not eat, they do not eat
no no taste already, they eat every bite, it is painful
uh actually is true to a extent like
we have to go, uh, take that we from the german france to germany we too, the bullet, and then we travel at the three hundred per hour i think around there
he said that it was really like a big use of a cattle knife.
i have a person to go there to be more friendly
go in and sit down and sit down.
that person wants an about sixty euros
there is no way to eat there
cheese is not like the kind that we understand in the supermarket
i don’t know how long it ’s smelling from five ten metre away that he smelled when he took it.
the more high quality, the more smelly, so there is no way to eat stinky tofu. some people like butn in the end.
what is a server, don't eat okay then in the end, they have a server, we eat chicken
is he really quite quite is rich and now
in fact, sometimes job street also finds me to interview for those level pose who looks like manager to tell the truth.
but if you see death, if you do it, i will not do a lot of things. i think i think
i do n’t need to do this s. a. a.
last time i was even more funny, i received an email from yahoo because i had the link key in i had to send a website
you put your resu ~ it's not your description, your post goes on and then you are exactly among. then you will
many of their heads will go there to search, your resume on the staff, so it is not very detail, but you can share your experience like this.
at that time i received an email from a h. r.
a senior m. e. s. manager, you know i am
if he is interested, you will pass your resume to give me a full resume because he is just a search through
because mimi is a benificial thing, it comes to extra marks. may
but they think their archievement cannot go far away
at most, the most he sees is okay, not marrying, so you may marry a rich man, but this is archieve archievement
the things that they have born with themselves are already dominant to furthers
they judge a girl is either a girl or saying that a person's success may say okay
his career wise is very good or he is a entrepreneur something like this
it seems that okay so for girls, her prerequisites, maybe she is beautiful, so she already has a lot of opportonity, because she
this is a prerequisite in addition to your wisdom.
i don’t know if you go to judge like this. maybe the man who comes up is the male that is why.
maybe he may be a big car. he may be an enterpreneur.
maybe his marking set up that is why
why do they rarely say that there are very few that you can see that woman can have wisdom.
it ’s hard to sacrifice the two families with care and career. it’ s not to say that if you want to give up my career, i will also make. i will do what i want.
it's just so far, so far i haven't thought about okay. i'm really going to be manager or
but it is equivalent to doing manager. now i am already doing functional. i have rarely been about touch my coding for more than two years.
because he likes to watch the show all day, if you do n’t ask him to do your homework, he will help him check his homework every day and then he will do it.
do you want to say that we used to do not do it at most, one, two, three, five, and six six.
kindergarten requires high, for example, but you go to see those syllabus in elementary school, they all teach such things
he now has to write a sentence in the first grade. eh, some malaywen is even worse.
there must be a book of malay
with the first grade of us, we have malay our english only in the third grade.
now there are malay and english just in the first grade.
maybe watching a lot, he likes to watch the kind of chinese’s channel chinese, which is worse.
can't grab this way for my daughter, although she is still very young, she will go to kindergarten next year because she
i think, but the music course is very expensive recently. i have asked yamaha school
for example, i prefer to learn piano
but you go to its class and they will not learn piano for you to learn piano. you know that it must have a guide okay.
when the music class came to the music class, parents also played with them for a while why it looks like
then the entire course is not the entire course because you have a syllabus and syllabus all year
i do n’t know if i do n’t know if it ’s half a year or three months.
because he said that okay includes books, including course, including some things. they seem to have been changed for three months for three months and three months.
there is no insurns. you can okay. this is extra. if you want to give him a further, if you buy it yourself, you can use their facility
without me like this, i don't understand, i don't think i can because they have their own class
do n’t talk about english now ~ english, do n’t talk about mathematics that music course
your child, my child, now two hundred pieces of school fees per month
it has not included those miscellaneous fees for half a year once a year, so you calculate that average will come a month for 300 yuan and 300 yuan.
i used to read a master
now that it may be more expensive than the last few years, i can read the entire master course for one year.
but many times when he likes you to give him it, but when he is certain level, his parents i mean chinese parents, i think he will not give him further extend
he didn't know when he was when he was six or seven years old.
no before elementary school, you know he has already wiped this color and came out, i said
then i told his mother that you don’t waste your son's genius then
that open competition is like this old teacher, you know, you know
now he is thirteen years old and then i said that you did not give him again.
class that i didn't go to art anymore
i think these are really talented, you know because you can’t travel, especially art, especially art
this is your brother drawing you to rub the color. i did n’t draw the color. then i wipe my own color. i would compare that original just take a look.
he can be able to teach him in this way that he hadn't gone to the orthodox class at that time
but i think my child is not like this. he is very normal and my eldest son is even worse
i should be very good for the instrument of learning music. i am easy to pick up.
maybe i am very grateful to so far, i gain arrived
so far i am very appreciate
i didn't say i would regret not gone through, but furhter would be better
and but i am okay
i think i don't have any time at most, in terms of music
i will learn an instrument very fast
but if i want to be special
i went back and complained to me, so i told her that he did not teach me to play with me there.
i will give me some basic things, and then i play like my favorite song like
my mother, she just had a friend who wanted to sell his organ second hand
my bomb is very okay. you give me some notes. at that time, rythm, those things, i can play it. i can pick up soon.
you still want hearing
when you have to play more, you have to be hearing
i hearing, i think i am very bad because my teacher is tast when i was playing
i have always wanted to buy a piano. now the piano is very expensive. second hand should be
there are more than a thousand but more than a thousand, it should be very miserable.
there are more than 34,22,000, but it is just that it may not be good. i don’t go to see it.
then i thought again, i thought of okay, after i moved home, i must put it in one place.
if you want a pick up back, it will be difficult to hear and then it will become very noisy after that
song is very good, then you feel to say that the kind of war is shocking and there is the music of background
i go back to practise every week. i don’t have to read the piano book. you know that i can play a few songs. if i remember, i like me.
it should be a wrong demonstration or not to give me as if hobby is okay
the problem is that my current hobby is watching the drama chase
the princess made by that astro on demand got married
very slow potato it load
how much is your backband
how many you are, you sign up the package
what does cool do?
it's also streamy
in december this year, i will take my child to malacca
also go to a-famosa
that a-famosa is the a-famosa in that water park.
i will also go to the a-famosa as a heri heritage sight, but i think my son is still young
and my daughter, i see that they should not be appreciate these buildings.
has plan, no. 16, no. 16, no. 16, mid -december
will next day k. l. first
after staying there, i went to malacca from there after my uncle's house one night
i haven't been to genting for a long time, i haven't gone for a long time
i had to go to cameron before.
recently, they are very hot because
you use that build in flash, you are too big.
then if people are in the hall
that is, his flash goes up and it will come down from top
that is, your face will be a little bit light, and then background also can see that the flash that will look better.
that's the camera, press it to press it, you will jump up one by one, a small small grain, one flash
like ordinary digital camera, it has a flash that cannot be control. press full power.
that is d. s. l. r. there is also ordinary words that is a flash on the top of that top. a flash is that you can shoot like this
look at if you have a flash, you can take it if you shoot someone.
if you want to take some uh, the scenery and other nights you have to use tripod because you can't move your hands at all, how can you move a little bit? tripod is better.
you have to drive that shutter for a long time for a long, five or six seconds, so that you can pass a line and then you must try
recently, the latest day to see that expendables
uh, that sylvester stallone, one rambo
then there is that jason statham as transporter, jet li, and there are scattered a few, but
some are not officially played like the bad guy in iron man.
is it mickey ruky what is mickey or something?
i have done this way, but he hasn't done a speech now
then there had been a few minutes before that arnold had a speech.
there are him and the bruce willis also appear
it is bruce willis that appears with that arnold at the same time.
it seems that bruce willis calls them two.
because the arnold is expendables three, this is the present
they told them who would do this job, they asked them to work, and then spoke and speaking that arnold ran away. there were two and then continued to speak.
four or five are like this, and there is the westling steve austin all available
then they just do those missions to save people or kill those ulks or rebels or something or something.
there are also graphic very beautiful, so it is right to do it
then iron man's words
uh, i like two okay, because i like robot's stuff
in fact, things that often like robot are to see robot a little better like this.
there must be a transfermer.
the first will look good and the second is that there are more character, but
because when you start watching, there is a special optimus. what is the story at the beginning?
then now the second episode is a lot of piles out and out of the robot
when i was young, i went to hou hou when i was a child.
uh, just without planning, because
i haven't traveled so much budget yet, and i still don’t have passport.
this time i want to find the time because the recent work is replaced by shift.
because if you want to officially buy air asii cheap, you want a long advance advance
because if you advance, you temporarily your shift is exchanged like this, you don’t know
i don't know when the stable would not be stable and then the trouble was to look at it first after watching it
yes, you have to find someone to make your slot
normally twelve or fourteen days like this annual leave
okay
but recently i don’t do that shift. i do it for five days.
because they uh, how do you say that you may not need such a multi -person support for six weeks.
six is definitely a very few people who must be worshiped by people will need people because it is israel.
because the company is still in the outsource company, there is no such benefit
so without it, you won't give you so much budget to learn other course
if it has a course for you, it will sign contractive to you and say that you have learned this course. you can't leave this within a few years.
like i have a colleague before, he has encountered it. he went to learn.
after he just, he saw that the company signed contract and said that you can't leave within a year. he learned that he gave him money to learn
i don’t understand how he lost him. maybe he counts for a few months and he told you to pay you for a few months or ask you to pay back that course.
if you lose course money, it feels less than two thousand
but if you talk about it for half a year and half a year, you have to leave for six months and it will be very large.
there are a few of them who are with me, but it seems that it is not science comp
if you get empty, it is facebook and friend communicate like this
then go to forum to go to the local chinese in the # cari # forum
look at some strange things and then see them. they also have one. one part is transformer sharing them
they are gathering's things, just come here to see what a new one new is very scary to buy things.
basically, he basically seemed to be the first to the united states.
you know u. s. style’s body is relatively small
so sometimes some are not very good.
uh, i used to play very little now.
before uh, fishing is reported on time every day
how many minutes it will refresh, your stamina, then you can play and play
that's the previous fishing that game
it has a limit to a limit. it seems to be thirty -two
it is for that game only register facebook
some people really know, but to me, i am not like a friend like a friend, they sometimes speak post status
because many friends have cameras, they will go around to watch the photos taken by others.
if you have shot it, you can see that you like to let it go.
sometimes, if gathering is with friends, it is a photo of friends.
uh, some of the time i am in post video
there is no purpose, so press it in it, it has a main page
then, if you want to watch and then you know that there is a game coming soon to come out like this
if you want to see how it is played or its uh, how to review that the name is specially played in search and that game.
then buy it to play a little bit, just playing the cyber war for cybertron transformer
uh, i used to play with the online game before. uh, uh, what do you know about online game is the up level up level up level
just all the way, the up level is right to do mission up level, and if you are tired for a long time, you will not play.
i prefer to play sports cars.
not every episode is a relatively new underground underground two most wanted
three kingdoms i don't like to play that, and my friend has a good friend, i like to play every day, he likes to play every day
then strategy game is like those starcraft warcraft. i don't know how to play because i want
or the kind of diablo all the way all the way
then some fun didn't go all the way all the way, then p. s. three or computer just like that kind of uh
it's fun to cut all the way like diablo
that g. a. grand theft auto grand theft auto or grand theft auto.
the game that is very violent and then idle seems to have no purpose in driving such a car to grab a car
basically, he has mission but will not play that car grabbing motor and running around like this.
you can press it to let it go all day all day, or v.
some, but because i play that cybertron, because there is a different chapter because of miss
so just hit half of chapter and you can get up to sleep or sleep or sleep or sleep or sleep or sleep or sleep or sleep or
then when i usually started, i started working before work before work because i have a lot of time because i don’t have so many projects.
i often play online game, then online game play with my friends and play for a long time. i have no time to work. login is not played.
elementary school my elementary school is nanyang primary school yeah
i have been studying in nanyang primary school since p. one
uh, the grade is not very good, then stream to e. m. two and then back back back back then
at least p. s. l.
he and the princidal of chinese high
run s. a. j. c. reading
then s. j. c. my class is also a group
so you can only read the rotten engineering so i
you can do a little arts thing. media things
go to j. c. j. c. just
if you can't play, you can play okay okay
uh, i should want to take
there is a module that like like like like like like like like like
that lecturer does not let me take me, i can't help me.
what else i have, i have four technical electives of my
originally, i didn't want stay because my room mate had no stay anymore
i played seven games this year, i lost five damn sad
it should be but
it is also regret to take gold medal mah # walao # the stupid hall three
i also did not play well to have to have another channel of re redemption again but
i feel that sometimes there is no timent, but there is no timent
this kind of thing then again
i have been to which country okay slowly
which country did you go to
i have been to many country but as a kid. i don’t remember each one
they have talked about me to taiwan i also have no recollections
there is also the most recent one are all the trips i know with my friends
next holiday
i like to eat or use because the weak stomach is going to kill me
uh, i like to eat that kind of taste, like #kway-chup #
very emo depression ya
there are manga stream dot com and manga fox dot com ya ya
i have been watching manga then since i was a child.
there is a sister in my house, a brother
my sister is eight years older than me. i am six years older than me
what do i usually read now manga okay okay good good
he is ugly the i like him that part
i used to have true but
i played go in hall and played go and water polo
i am in n. u. read year one
i used to be from catholic junior college
in the past, middle school was queens town secondary school in queen town
now in n. t. u.
i used to have join badminton while secondary school
then there is drama club
there are badminton and entrepreneur club in j.c.
to yeah
have played charlie and the chocolate factory
the theme of participating in that kind of competition is fantasy
when we are closer, we compare the frequent like two, three or four times a week.
that is a relatively small play. we only have four to five people
uh actually is not very good
because we have chalet that day we have chalet
secretly go
then i didn’t perform well. that teacher started to scold me why why do we go to chalet and then
i'm so tired that i know that there is performance and then go to play
go to that kind of vacation in that kind of pasir-ris, we rent a house like a two-story hometown for a day or two
then b. q. q. go to swim and step on the car car like this
that teacher asked who was join badminton
then that time because i wanted to consent form
because there is no adult yet, then you have to consent form
then after that teacher came up
then i just raised my hand and told me i am interesting to join
otherwise, if not, it should not be join
it's not just to practice every day to practice like this
the coming is boring, so there is no such enjoy.
and there is join on the outside
uh, i used to be called yonex sunrise
that youth is now called aviva open
then there is join's annual pilot pen club
there are join through each twice
not malaysia is u. s. a. brand, but it was malaysia
the game to go to host is called asia way tournament
oh, my first three months in #tekong #
then three are in and then passed out by post and passed.
uh, they are sispec* school nearby nearby
that pasir-lebah camp to learn to be a sergeant
then actually do corporal first to learn to do corporal and then
uh, then he sent me back to me over there.
those tactical tactics and those weapons
probably spent for almost a year, and then passed to guards by post
compared to the most, the most fierce and fierce in the unit can be compared with those commando navy
their before our spec ~ specialist is over
then we just right that the batch was to supplement them
then i probably have three or four people in the entire platoon thirty or forty people.
it is very similar to people who come here now and ask me what you used to be. then i talked about guards and then he said very fierce. then i will
at first, because he had one stage, it was tinnitus.
the so -called clear some uh project can you uh uh, uh, like really becomes the unit of the guards.
then that one month's trating is the most fierce
if you can't finish it, even if you can't reach the grid, you can’t pass the entire course.
then, in addition to the twelve kilometers, there are also jumps. the helicopter helicopter
that kindal day see
but we didn't go to national day so powerful
we just learn how to jump, we skip the mock up
uh, one or two, uh, three or four times, and then jump that actual again
my batch
for the first time, we jumped that mock up then. when we were going to jump that actual, the helicopter came to make two or three devils. we waited for three hours.
he just said that helicopter has failure, the thing in that inside to seacure, we have safety issues and then said that you can't jump to jump
it's like if you like that kind of roller coaster rides
then there is a relatively large helicopter to make that kind of chinook
i started to think that uh, that seats is very uncomfortable’s but actually.
very comfortable sitting down, i just want to sleep and sleep, because it is a rope like a rope
it has two points, one on the top, and then he ties it with a rope
then you just sit down and the whole body is as comfortable as it is hanging down.
probably thirty to forty
he is more uh considered is relatively large.
we can only jump down from that kind of super puma
that big one is that it wants to be ourselves, and then we run in and run in
that engine is super hot, because his plane is like this, we have to enter from behind
then i ran across the engine later.
because the air of the engine is very large, how can we run away like this strong?
very similar to the feeling of still on the same spot
do that kind of gymnastic march every day every day
it is more brainless, which is more like follow through motion.
also much like chemistry and computing
for because they talk about first year
so now i don’t read it now.
i read it now and read physics
uh, what else is there maths
the four subjects now have two elective that they take it by themselves
is he taught you how to go to the present yourself
then what to do with the tone of the body
your lang ~ language, your voice projection
another one is public speaking
then add a lot of group work to give us a group like a group like a group
very similar to writing that kinder to editor
to uh, how do you use tone
then, what should i use? language is written to that editor like this
very similar to formal informal
a little bit of humour is talking
although i still want maintain's form formal's part, he has a little humour
will not be directly like saying uh good morning. today, what do i want to present?
there will be a job in the beginning of the opening, then to catch their attention
so that teacher will talk
she is divided into three to talk about kind of a strategy and style to grab your audience
he has three s s is strategy style and substance
he said that important is style that the style is the depending on which kind of letter writing
similar then student will read it when you read it from the inner feelings.
then there is one more one that style strategy
just talk about how you present your points
every time he talks about us, the most important thing is must
that is, first practice is you must practice your speech well so that you eersite when you talk
then planning is using the three s that i just say to
uh, uh questions to ask yourself a lot of questions like regarding, your own spey
then we finally have a three three minutes speech in front of the class
because it was just the ris low at that time
that pageant of the singapore miss universe miss singapore miss singapore
then i suddenly thought of uh, i would be very boring and boring. then i exchange for that humour.
uh, there is a bride uh
i forgot what the name is bridge. i have a research to him. he said that there is a bridge
then uh is about it falling down then.
that song actually is two page long
i will talk about the ris low in the ris low.
that miss ~ miss singapore
she said that she was the university of s. i.
yes, i chose her and she won a lot of awards. i wonder how she wins
although she is pretty good quite pretty but then
i just don't understand how those judges choose like cannot be pretty with brains what
what did she say at that time? what do she like?
leopard leopard prints then she will be pronoundce as leopard preenz
she is very similar to reading it as p r e e n z
for example, boomz
then we like she in t. v. where can i say this way
then it means that she is really bad in english and very miserable. then what did he say?
it seems that the feeling of world peace
uh, i actually con ~ because i am not very good in english, i used to tell me that it was important
then i present my points.
uh starting i want an intro
then i add the likes that the teacher taught now
then it ’s really effective. for the first time, i said that i will talk about my speech's wait at the beginning.
just introduce myself, so i will talk about my name is teng chun kim, so that when you talk about monotonous, then all people look at me, then look wide open, then stunned
then just like this tackle that question and then
uh, in the end, i and the point is talking.
let's talk about uh, if your command of english is not good, not only that you will have in the in the situation, and then you also lose out the abilities to commit. fren race like this
because now, even if many people in china will speak english, right?
then they uh, but they spent more than other countries than other countries.
because uh main language actually is not english, do they not understand italian or french?
their main ~ main ~ main ~ laanguage is not english
their race is more.
we will think that americans will definitely speak english butamly
i see a research who speaks, uh people in the united states will speak less english than china
i get a minus but
i think it will be better, but i also discovered my own problem. i finished the first. i finished the first three minutes. i said too fast.
i made a little bit in three minutes when i was in the room in the room
after two minutes and thirty seconds, i finished speaking and then that teacher had a little penalize.
then uh but, the teacher said that basically i was good
very good, then my points also has then, mine, but my conclusion not very good
i also think that like i can do better is but because of that point problem
forget it anyway, that day it was already oral presentation
then there was a practise once or twice that day before that day, and then that day
when you walk to the tutorial room
i walked while walking while thinking, i thought i am neurotic.
then actually had to wait for me to wait for me ~ i got forget one sentence like very short sentence but very important just part of the humour
because uh, ris low
she likes uh red
then she will talk about her pronunciation very strange when she is rad
she is rad like this
then use the tone of the monotonous to talk about hi my name is blah blah blah then my favorite color is red and i like left # too
is the spell boomz behind
then there will be effect that the teacher will feel
he is the teacher in germany.
he said that i know this get this shirt almedy
he feels that it will be uh i get prepare ever. i am not like to wear the kind of suit but
if that teacher may think that i will have effort put in so, he gives me a minus
the only unfortunate is that a. u. only three two a. u.
to teamwork
just want to make a brochaure
uh, the brochaure is uh
it's a fake and fake brochaure.
still a charity
then we do that, we do that brochure, and then do a one thisand word essay
then actually
it's much like this semester, what is a life science
it's not good for each left
he also did not have e -lecture without that lecture recreding nothing.
then think au, i am there, this kind of not related
because life science is only like uh material engineering, can it be used?
other common engineer's other engineering like's civil electrical does not need to use the life science at all.
it's much like a waste of time, and then i feel like waste time
i have a friend who said uh, the entire module of the life science, uh, uh, uh, it ’s like the entire a-level bio
it seems that few months to cover
then my friend talked about one hour finish the whole a-level d. n.
how to read it is like like, you already read bio ~ of course, you will understand but you haven’t read bio ~ how do you understand that you see him not only in the membrane 50 names
he did not tell you that must remember this is going to come out or it is comed casher.
don't know to go to memorize or not memorize
he is all like not very relevant because he grows and go touch and go to
there is a little lost, i don’t know how to read it
in that quiz, it is not very questionable
there is no not related with the uh
then some he did not have tutorial class so directly lecture based
it's the kind of online
just press like to have question, so
can't find it in notes
everyone in the end go to google 15 questions more than fifteen questions
they all use goo ~ google to do it
uh, go to search for that answer to search
uh l. k. c. that lee-kong-chian is on that ~ canteen b
that lecture theater
many of them have come in and always come in.
his page is fast
one sem one by one
very similar to uh, the two lecture of teach, you have to make a tutorial
sometimes that time is that tutorial
very similar to maths
as soon as you do, do two three four hours
one by one eating dinner at 9 o'clock ten o'clock
use it to revise other other other subject
four or four live uh four
everyone has to do that tutorial
uh, then uh, it looks like uh last week
i have four quiz four days in two days and four days. there are four quiz within two days
one is better, one day is just a quiz
but one day is three quiz
then bread in three hours, there is another quiz, and then the quiz is fifty percent
it seems that i have been reading there, but i have read and read hard over there.
it's his planning is not very good
but sometimes you can't blame because
there is a little not to talk about not relevant but
very similar to not smart
just now i talked about tutorial's time, how can i get it?
i think ridiculous just one week
you know what you are doing
you understand the next time you do you know you see you will know how to do
because the range of engineering is very smart, smart, and there is that kind of not very smart
his range is like d. e. e. a-level.
then there are all triple a four as
so he did not have cater to that kind of lower half
it is difficult for you to prioritize
just like you finished your lack of sleep then, you will go to lecture tomorrow. you have no class.
if you don't want to go to lecture at all, you don't go directly to the levelure
then wait to see his e ~ look at his e-level
but the usually view on e-levelure is relatively slow
you can give that student yourself and go through go through what the teacher said
very similar to something not in the notes
except life science
uh, it looks like n. b. s.
there are one or two cores
then it looks like chem ~ c. b. c. that
they know that engine's student needs this kind of thing comparison
uh, give yourself a revise thing because there are too many content
they all talk about then i also ask my friends too
one chapter, one hundred before sleep reading
then do each subject have a material science fifty physics one hundred articles
his notes the diffical tally with the tutorial
uh the example, there is one or two questions to compare difficult
very similar to physics. one time physics was uh
twenty -five points are called you sub in value, it is impossible
this way, the primary school can be full.
that kind of foreign students have studied before because they have bridging course or what have you already learned
over there to find a way to find how
find time to read those textbooks
every day i think of my neighbors of the poly student every day to play the game's g. p. a. four point five
how can i read there to die there or three?
he can play four point five every day when he is playing games every day
is there any selection, right?
although they are smarter and but, it is impossible for local to be stupid.
we singapore can be regarded as i. q.
uh, there is china vietnam india
uh hong-kong is most hong-kong and xiang-gang are n. s.
it really has that kind of intia's access
there will be no such access, so we will
will get it and then do most of the indeop
i have only seen only four or five of the local
because they free education to secondary school is very similar to it
they uh cannot afford
they are local's more lazy lifestyle. they feel that actually doesn’t need to read the kind of university
they think they pay more attention to family
they are very similar to aim is enog to live survive and have a like stable income for the family.
uh, they are not very like chinese. uh
then i can't get into the relationship because i think, my english fail relationship, and then they will not give me up even thought. i know that some people’s overal scores are lower than me.
they can enter then i can't enter
just talk about fail, it's hard to enter
no one is directly english, you do n’t use your interview you
i have a friend like me grades
some say by luck
i then i was directly by offered triple e
uh civil mechanic also mechanical or an triple e
you can choose your apply, you can choose your first choice second chird choice
at that time, i did not expect that i like or do i like it or like was just about getting a college position before thinking about it.
because the more more important like you get in then in college
you don’t like you to change to other uh because first year is common
so you get you get to choose to change
after the test, you can apply to change but when it the good you the change is
uh, it ’s very much like uh, i listen to some friends who talk about t <
it can be the same because of the studs of first year our study
no say, so we read differently like aerospace like aerospace, and then we can’t change it at all.
it is also impossible to talk about what we read.
talk about if you if you internet i think they will
i am going to change to mechanical
because i heard that triple e is difficult to read
his second year third year is more difficult
then compare it to compare it with that mechanical, which is more difficult to triple e
then add i prefer design painting
i don’t like that kind of physics too much.
thinking that mechanical will compare close to what i want
because it has it to have design stream
it also has physics but
it's better to do that kind of circuit board by myself
i can't understand what they do when you look at it.
i have e here but not electric. he is environmental
many, many, there are more than 1,000 individuals like that is why common engine
yes, there are n. s.
still next to triple e block
he is one of his own.
it is its own alone
in the past, hall three was over there and then removed and moved off for too long.
his stuff is delicious and then cheap, the most important can ~ b is cheap, it is very cheap
then everyone in beijing delight is not delicious
um, i used to be study
then after that
it's second, china secondary school
after that is anderson junior college
because our volleyball
disbanded
i am playing hockey's cause
i want to learn a sports then hockey, i don't need a lot of experience so
enter the same c. c. a. so is very good
living in hall right, i participated in two committee
the other is publicity
event week of bread has milk and bread
then quite slack as in like every week only needs to be delivered
that milk and bread
more slack because my head is not
tell us to help him paint those banner so like
so i can't get that divided by i think
i have camp for two weeks, but i still can't get it
therefore, i will use the elective quite easy to score because i heard it
originally planned s. u. but then
this sem cannot be used in s. u.
in the meeting, this course
because first
the fourth choice right i have chosen so
i see what my roomie chooses
i follow her
when i arrived in year two maybe, i regretted but
it should be okay
i don't know what work will be done when material science and engineering
otherwise, you are marrying a rich husband to support me ha ha and okay
the next holiday i heard that there is a four months right because of y. y. y. g. g.
i am chief programmer for our hall so
i want plan a lot of things for our hall six camp
so the whole holiday i think like
graduation travel should go to cause like
no need to be with friends right
thailand and thailand okay
i have been to okay slowly list double
i really like the kind of family members who enjoy this kind of family, gather together
yes, it's hard to earn a year of money.
just spend it finished that end of year
then i feel like like
i am not enough independent so ha ha
if you go with a group of friends
if there is a friend, if it is
go alone to a country then i think i can alone
what country to go to exchange to go
i am like it is very fun, just fun
go to the country then with a friend and a large group of friends
uh, i eat all food
like me roomie
i roomie, complain all day, i didn’t accompany her to run
i like to do sports but. i don't like running
because it is very breathless, it is easy to breathe the feet and sour
it's slow to run with me roomie. i run very slowly
uh, what do i have?
grade after testing
i can also get a merit
i think i am very proud
because i am a thought i will fail but then, i can also take merit
after once, thereinction
that is yah that is pretty surprise
there are only two sports that have played with volleyball another one hockey
tample to then after that #orh-che #
duo then my stamina #cui #
can i run by my roomie again?
not enough to run, although the court is already very small, but there is nothing to run.
other sports
you can also play yah, i want to play
uh, i have time, i. h. g. i will go to try.
so next year i should go to play squash
so like i think
uh, we will take champion for squash next year
pretty high
what do i like song and singer
just finished reading you are beautify recently
look at then
he think has an account
her brother
go to like when he dressed as a men's clothing.
go in this group
it's messy
the one who likes each other
together with the male protagonist of that main, the woman is with that woman
an episode fourteen half an hour watch yet
three episode
wu jianhao finally
do you want to learn any other
i want to learn violin like me, i also want to learn violin
don't be foundted. you will read those notes then
understand cello then learning violin, it should not be so difficult to be as in
there is foundation
and pick up new sports like
although i don't think i have a chance to play because they only need
it's free thinker then
family people do not celebrate christmas
uh and friends
because there are people who have a boyfriend, then they haven't got out
because friends said that i am fat
click right roomie
uh, what other resolution um
and the grade of grades like
they explect, i to take four then
so uh yah want
i want to read then there will be maths test tomorrow
i'm afraid i don't have time to read because i am still doing this speech's recography for her canvassing
even if there is a mood, there is no time to read because chinese new year is next week
do you want stay in hall next year? of course
because i live in hugang then
if you take it
add bus to like to like
just like to four hours on transportation
i will not read it in the hall
it is really convenient to make a lot of friends in hall
then quite fun and happy
but if you live in the hall, it will cost a lot of money
listen to previous recording i did by roomie
uh this year j. one reads n. y. j. c.
she will not get it well, what do we have plane? what do she read?
but she is very well
i feel that many people take through traffic
the more difficult to enter what so state the aame
then building very # cui # so
one is in bugis
what feng shui store workmanship then
fortunately, that position yah is quite high, senior manager then
one is the kind of supervisor for h. d. b. those
then all the related will be gather
look at our hall production which is like
the expensive like has always wanted to pay
there are more than 300 not bad
because side has
nine as in my grandmother give birth
one hundred is like grandfather, the kind of old man you know
it hurts their grandson and grandson, and there are only five.
i haven't been a soldier, so i don't have experience
eat the good singapore then okay like
can't like
i have no money like, and i can eat it
although our hall
without aircon, i think it is very sad lke
now you can buy card then to blow air cons
that y. o. g. don't choose hall six
a little more money the get air con
it doesn't take tast night year, we will win
it ’s because there are pros and cons like
very clean then
can that journey is more comfortable
there is a little exaggerated tube and a little strict butle
uh cheating right i think like who has not cheated
that kind of small test
although like integrity
not good right then
the score of cheating in you
good than you, you don’t cheat, i don’t understand what i am talking about never mind
i don’t understand what i want to do in the future because material science and engineering is really a wide job
there is no expectations
i am the kind of like okay. i don't like that competition
in order to win higher position then you know backstab one another all those things
i only need the kind of like
do well and do it.
just like okay
if it is the kind of like a good job, it is better.
give a good kind of explanation that is okay every day, just like this like like this like
don't think so much like like
how to climb to this position
eat hard to eat like this
the position is in train
uh, i try not to choose those reserved seats. i dare not sit
uh, so like my friend sometimes asked me like
she is you know a bit plump
she actually is not a pregnant then, and it will be very good
er compare the food in canteen and outside restaurant
eat a bowl of noodles
is it as expensive and not necessarily delicious?
if you eat restaurant
uh my allowance
uh one month is four hundred but then it includes
there are quite a lot of but then
you flower actually is not enough
because i also have shopping ah enteringment all those things they support
it's feb now, i can get it again
multi -one month’s money, and chinese new year can get a little more money
no need to do-time job lor to earn that extra money
sometimes i go to temple to worship like like
i rarely go to temple, the bigger the less you go
i don't have the experience of donate blood.
if it is 9:30 lesson then
that rot is right to like
that lecture white is quite stupid but
reading or doing tutorial but then
nothing has not read books at school, just go out to eat and eat and eat and eat and #talk cock #
twenty -three -year -old and about, i think it ’s a bit old
friend but
my not internet cause i think he has a little bit
not enough romantic
right because he is too clear for me
reading by home to read but alone
i do n’t understand, it is very tempted by computer
one is the prescripd of management with humour which is an elective complusory
it is a prescripd
his volunteer to be leader because has extra five points
i am responsible for conclusion then i just write
he did not receive hint but hint
when it comes to the right but, i haven't seen this longerybody was like wondering. where are the two of them?
point for a long time to order half an hour's candle
i am also a hockey people but then.
many friends of hall right right on facebook
who will be ashamed if you see the that
no question, is it
nothing to be smashed cake, i didn't be smashed, i think i'm stupid cause like
push my head down so and i haven't been smashed
new year's clothes oh shit like
if you have to get up at six o'clock, go to n. t. u.
in delta
get up at eight o'clock to sendkang #wah lau # talent
i am super happy
i only buy one set.
i have been told by my friends to be scolded by my parents
you are talking about chinese new year clothes right
i didn’t buy pants.
she bought dress
it's not my show, your online blogshop
only thirty three minutes
i am not telling you that i just like the kind of baggy baggy you know wombat
that kind of from slim connect to waist
it's easy to wear then, very comfortable, and the wide then
very cool windy windy
uh, i will still want to see but then now when i look at it
because i have too many pieces, i will be scolded by my parents, so i don’t have to buy this kind of clothes now.
she said from that previous recording
four doubles like can a girl wear four double you go n. t. u.
j. c.
our shoe rack
both people are not enough, and we have squatter, do you think our shoe rack is enough
work in bank
i don't want to go to jurong island to work every day
as long as it is quite slack
selected to be the model for the m. s.
that brochaure
seeing that i should feel the wrong person yah they based on that matric card, the photo
when i want to see that photo, then my father, i asked me to stand on that wall to take a picture on that day. i didn't do anything.
taking the selected then to shoot then
they said they would give like will be paid like
uh, the sun is very sun -exposed during the day.
that kind of winter wear then jeans
doing actually right, do you think it is easy to right
because friend then is very good to play but actually, not
you stand the same pose then to take more than 20 photos.
that facial expression is not right that pose wrongd
it's not the kind of stinky face they want
is it ugly and embarrassed to take a picture over there?
those people wear lab coat then to play those chemical things
unlike those of those casual
pose
it's not very natural, like just
it's not very good to take a picture.
i have the lesson then cannot go down
so remove immediately when you come back
women have some okay
there may be a few but
i rarely really can't find the maybe for this time
in real life, it is cannot find
i am not a racist but then yah for boyfriend i prefer chinese
you can play duet right together without if not
it's best to have a handsome butle. i think that is impossible because the handsome person will look at my shit
it seems that there is a bit of fit. no, you do n’t need to like, so you do n’t need to run marathon
that kind of fit can run marathon as if my ink my motto
he can't he be out of smoke smoker
my eye candy is very much like smoking, what to do, like haha but haha but
for me and then don't smoke
it's best not to drive bike
no one is a like, you can’t get just just
if you should not be very poor, you can like to like or earn it.
uh, it's better to speak well. um, i prefer that kind of talker
sister and brother love don't like i think
if like really likes each other
uh, you must know that start to like right but
all i know now has no meet to my ideal
not my type
passive, i am waiting for that man to come to me but
it's impossible why, i am still single yah
if it is i liked, i just
will respond to if
i refuse to like it
rejection but
will talk about like give reasons want
i but will never like
very strict if not then, what should i do if he runs away and i die?
will this be because of my internet?
it's like to get close to have a chance to get close
if starting internet right i think, i just look at my internet because i look at the appearance
do people look at the first right right
can't hint but like
there will be no results or something
don’t have to go out.
just fall in love, so but
i still think it's strange that i will feel strange.
you alone, you and that man
uh, this kind of i thinking is going to live stage
i don't like the kind of old who want to like
the like of the set is really very good
very sweet and sweet
that kind of standard
huahua like, you gave you a week and then died
do not take actually flower okay flowers
uh, if it is my internet okay like not internet like, you will also like
i also hope now that i will be over the time now.
i haven't read my maths test tomorrow and my
it's like
i hope it is not too high, no a. plus does not need a.
i b. plus is fine
my english is really cannot make it
i like oregon
you are oregon, where are you portland? i just go to portland
half an hour to forty -five minutes is in woodburn, have you heard of woodburn
he is the kind of woodburn of reject shop
is there still there that semicon now?
what is the name of that subcom?
the subcom you did before
is this okay have been doing it for a long time?
i am claim receipt, one day, you can not exceed 25 yuan
he said that you are not going for work then you maybe said a week if you go to outing once a week. if you go to outing
seeing a lot of building, that's either building or
it's cool, a city san fran
go to portland and go to hillsburrow
delivery definitely definitely
i was at san fran because i have been to los angeles before, i have been familiar with it
my l. o. d. la ~ last day is july 19
also okay or okay
because he helps, i have a lot of things.
it's uh because when i was a master, i took mix-mod
he really has guide me
he guide, i am very good.
i will not choose university i will choose who is my supervisor
that why, i also want to have this may have maybe for student exchange or take some grant
there may be the one of student exchange
i didn't ask him so far. he said that this time he hoped that he could use ni ~ he said he wanted to go back to u. k.
this is not that u. s. m. scholarship is not difficult to discuss
because i know that he doesn't know now, i can't get the money, i can't get the money
that is, he will be sponsor, you go there to study there
the number of our comp science is over, quota is full
i think i might go back to industry
it is difficult to say what is out.
you can go back that for exmple nvidia a. t. i.
do that g. u. they intend to do this in all integrated
it can also be very big.
he doesn't say you still need to antivirus
he has an antivirus for free.
he here is that he said that no matter you unix, you also have a soundware, which is that he might be an embedded software
instead
is there any company that he said that your processor is free from antivirus. no one tells it
because i don't know if you might be here, he can talk about his novelty is here
just go directly to others and don't need to take the same boat at the same boat. he talks about my processor is free from antivirus
he has money, he is sleep ~ sleeping member, all of them are all all
he and their companies are playing just playing just a ~ another instead of totally under intel
that is, he has the money to pay for the other man who has the other side of management hired
i know you are talking about the microsoft of paul allen.
some of me tell you some of the latter part is the end of the partner.
first, we may talk about the small market first
the usually is constrain-
in u. s. they are really the one that care for i. p.
the second thing is that they like sue you very much
it seems to be last time in mcdonalds
a coffee is too hot, then that person accidentally fell to
pour down on the body of his child
if you are over there, you will change it by someone once, then you will change then
when he didn't, he was just when you were about to get up.
china and china will compare the tricky but
there are cheap and cheap goods in china. china is also a good product product
he is also expensive and expensive. it is really cheap quality.
yes, it ’s very similar to us usually. we do n’t do a good thing with deal in china.
they can't stop there over there
your send email's old large file in the past will boundce back will tell you that china is the country please send sensitive of china
not because they are but in china, they are really stressful to fight for their workmanship
it seems that you see them workmanship, i think of usually, i am more than five o'clock and six o'clock.
to exactly and their interview is to say that there is a position thousands of people asking for a post.
he and his competi ~ there
very competition
very tough
you can talk about vietnam like this now and now up up
you okay, you see penang and kulim ku ~ kulim are twice the penang
they will speak english again ok, we will also speak english but their cheap labor
there are many cheaper then now
people in vietnam have send send send to send in the united states, malaysia training
i don't know how they are provides, they may live for you
i heard that you are working in kulim intel provide
give you you to buy the room over there, subsidy you's internet you
if you are going, you are the from penang based to go to kulim if you do it
go to discuss him like this benefit
i don’t have you in penang in penang. you do n’t do it in kulim.
because it’s not because some people do n’t want to go to kulim because he talks about kulim, there is nothing wrong
the person here go there, if he doesn't have something like a process, who wants to do kulim to do it
some people see some people over there. he chose the department then say.
if you can know this level
for because he has a total of 10,000 employee around there thousananand in penang and kulim
i also have no pro governmen because i don't have so far. i never went to election
i am so far
actually, i am also pit ~ if you say this, i am also pity, that penang govern ~
there is residential area in the middle sorry in the front.
you can have swimming pool. there are things that seem to be able to walk for them.
there will be a shopping lat next to it as if these commercial lots
just be able to do business for them, and open is to sell it for them
that's how our process is then to the last final project.
just want to make a use of cardboard cardboard, you want to make a condominium
shop lot is a small skill, which is about one table and one table like a table
it's actually a good subject is
of course, some seem
they will prefer these designes. for us
that is why, we are major in building.
discuss, the kind of design is because the first first year is really cannot, there is no way to avoid
everyone must be involve in that project
of course, it seems that there is one stage in that projection.
we use this uh square feet to be the each square feet how much is it.
then you have to take your slab the walls windows all about list out and then do you want to do these calculation
of course, when this step, their design design will be very stress to them because they don't like these
because one of our groups, we have a group of groups and mix all major with design and non design. they are together when they become them.
why do we do we do do drawing only why we need to call all this this is the architecture we do do
in fact, it is very much-
their objective is that we seem to have learned these things
it ’s all the basic things. it’ s as if we are doing model. if we want to learn their calcult cost, they also have to learn
just do the kind of baby, uh baby pushing the car like this will take me away
almost the fifth and sixth grades are like this.
he will take me to see how they are construct.
sometimes it seems like uh school holidays, he will take me to site
and when i go on a holiday, i will help him sometimes really not enough to use it as if after the secondary school
usually one or twice, uh two clock, so after he came back to carry me
take me to see to see to help to help those workers like this
sometimes sometimes he told me to see it, sometimes i drove to a s ~ -bess a lot of we
my dad is contractor, we are more to the-either a developer or it seems to be our through the owner
it seems that let say is a client is right to you
it seems that if you have a row of shop fipe unit of shop, i will be with you after the price of your discuss
we didn’t do developer because of funds because it was model and a question. model is also a problem.
because there are many things to consider, we do n’t have it. we just have consider.
the older i grow up is a lot of experience. if he will lose a group of workers to give me up, i will manage them.
so sometimes it seems that when secondary school, put it off for get out of class after school after class
i just want to go to see to see that they are really lazy and lazy because some workers are really lazy.
if you go away, you will sit there with smoking over there and talk about it.
as a result, it was even worse when i was six
so people don’t want when you know something when you know-it seems that the more you know you will know the more things you want
it turned him as if i was waiting for this u. s.
he will lose-
i go to manage myself, it seems that you have to send several workers to this site
just call me to call me big-
at that time, total should have more than 30 workers
sometimes some people will send some people here. of course, they have to diends. their skills seems to have any skilled workers.
ah, those mix, those of those cement are moving those things to move these materials and moving those things
those skilled workers are that they will look like lay's bricks do bricks and do windows.
arrange arranging arrangements for many sites. sometimes there are really very headaches, because some workers cannit mix together
therefore
some workers are that he can't mix with him
if he is with him, he will quarrel with some.
some can still fight, i have seen the fighting very headache. some of them will have some workers- are some workers-
some of their ideas are okay i want start from here left hand side sometimes.
it turns into the same as that of the bangladesh.
it seems that we now have an elective is those quantity measurement is q. s.
it is our calculate these cost.
it seems that each one of you or every corner, we all go in, find it to go, find it, and then take your price to become this subject.
we are if you don't have an experience.
or how to make a beam is those beam column beam to become you, you don’t know how to count
as if lectuerr seems to be talking to us what it seems to be beam, what is reinforcement?
it seems that we have ridge ridge star roof star.
because when i was sitting, i have seen this like this
it turns into a lot of like my colleag after my course mate.
that is, they will not confuse, don’t understand what it becomes what i have seen that i have seen, i will
if you have experience, you know what is called ridge star okay.
it's up -it-
of course, there are many disadvantages that sometimes it really goes back.
then it depends on who's comparison
sometimes at night, i will help my father calculating its cost at night.
i will help him at night.
there are some project on the construction site.
it is before that before three or two days before.
it seems that if you are bricks, you will be here two or three days ago
become me to s. p.
because you will be able to drive, i will become okay. you become every day.
going back to this site, it seems that material is not as good as sand is gone, but cement is gone, you have to call the order here.
our at the one time has almost four or five, four or five sites together
just four or five in different place seemed to be in # sungai # # # dua # as if then after # jelutung # georgetown
sometimes i am very tired.
this is of course the benefit that i have learned something. it is good to become a good. i am more interested in this housing.
some of my friends, they read arts
he is at thisstitute of # bukit # # mertajam # i. b. m.
afterwards, they took s. p. m. paper. he was reading arts.
but after he came in, he took it to project management
he result quite good is three point eight something. he took this construction management
he is really no idea about it
he thought that because he was economic, he was the thing that seemed to be management.
before he was writing, he wrote that we were filling that form. our computer online was this.
when he comes in, he will scare at that time he really doesn't understand that all things are these things.
because when he is reading arts, there will be a bit of disciculties for them.
it is professor associate professor #aslan #doctor #aslan #
he is so -he is very like-
they are this who is this whole malaysia
these universities' publicity seems to be like coordinator
it seems that our other lecturer seems to be s. r. doctor lim-yoke-mui yah
she is the head of our northern northern area.
the more famous place is more normal in the others here
when i fill in this form, i have eight choice and eight choice. the first choice i fill in u. s. m.
i fill in this project management, but the first one afterwards did not get it
it is one thing is my first choice unantil's eighth choice. all i fill in is all about construction
it seems that some of my friends are the first okay h. p. p. maybe second one management they third one.
their choice all of them is the thing of whole choice.
my first choice i put u. s. m. second choice.
at the bottom, the sixth choice i put u. s. m.
also u. s. m.
i got the sixth one without getting it, so i came in the sixth choice
i got my major building building technology because i didn't get too high
because it seems that there is no such a famous, there is no such a lot of people to go to the course, but architecture really is really many people who want to enter many people can't enter
the sixth and seventh choice can enter this u. s. m.
some of the hometown near them are all in # kepong # p. j. all over there u. ~ u. m.
but i took u. ~- they all took u. s. m. # guwak* # might be doomed
this house maybe i am destined to come to u. m. m. after that, i may be here.
in the future, i really want to be a as if i am my ambit.
if you don’t work, you will be as if you do business by yourself
then in penang's words, it is because there are more chinese people who are more chinese, they may be more cordial
and there is no such convenient here.
each corner lot's shop will have these files hawker selling their food
rmb canada, their money, after selling 600, someone bought it with him when it was in 208 years.
it's cheaper, when he was out of his head, he lined up and bought him to buy him two.
when it was sold at nintendo, then
if he does not come out of the wii, people think nintendo is going to
this company is out of this company but his wii saved him up
i have no that static
i don't know that butle i know this year
in fact, nintendo wii hasn't been on malaysia launch, do you know?
not all of them, you go to game master, all things they have taken back in foreign countries
they did not know that at the end of last year or launch at the end of last year or this year at the end of last year
it's not nintendo, they are warranty, you, you said, what's the problem, you came back to find them
no office launch nintendo wii has no office launching in malaysia
really you go to see their shopping complex.
they one--
my thought to me, my thought is because you see you in the united states say
you take you, you, you go to the united states to do it, you also make the four thousand pieces of their money.
you buy mac book pro, so you can only be one thousand dollars in them.
they do not use their monthly salary there may be just a percent their salary.
very cheap is not to talk about more than twenty pieces of the game side. more than ten are more than ten. he talks about exactly.
if you buy pirateed one, it also costs ten dollars. he is also more than a dozen dollars.
it's just that we convert back to the 50s and sixty.
don't look at the iphone in the united states for cheap because he wants to talk to contract
in singapore, i call you telco and charge you
their charging and their charge's money is different from their fees.
plan okay
look at the subscribe for i. phone maybe, you are just pay for
you are still your subscripe to plan, or you still have to be close to 2,000
because my friend works in that telco, he said, he said
what the three kingdoms stands up is celcom
they said that flexible is shuangshuang, who go to digi or digi and switch to maxis at celcom
they can no longer talk about suddently cut out, your market share twenty percent or thirty percent
they said that it is difficult to do it. in fact, the usually runs there, and run around there
already already is on the side, you can't talk
i just started because my register as a student was on effective on august 1 is august start
i am the kind of register in mid -july and july
because p. d. no course work
i also want to have coursework. we don't have coursework here
i remember when i took master at that time, i took mix mode
he taught us that one year, it is quite tough
take twenty units
one you see one family, he gives you two assignment
the assignment i made is not like that when we are degree
because they alream thought that, you're a good thing. so you do that ki ~ kiddy kiddy's program.
that kind of so at that time, you read the coursework.
fortunately, because i have a good friend of group, i read together. i should have five or six people. i should have five or six people
i read this week n. p. chapter one then you read the chapter one of other subjects
only to discuss this, you talk about you, you will be the tutor’s tutor like this
if you talk about then, you talk about this then to see past year or what to say. this is how this is so.
the problem is that when you know if you don’t know, you read it ten times.
now i am also my family has a support
because before i had a workmanship, i worked in the workmanship, then i came back to get it.
i worked in intel before what
i was backfore, i was back, and i went to business trip again in the united states.
some of the tools that then wants to use to use them for them
there are three types in okay, you see the server
one is called net batch
there are many departments in my department intends
there are many business group ten business group each business group every business group to buy some server
this is the business group that dedicated for you
it seems to be in u. s. flow some
they have more than thirty thousands of server over there how do you manage and how do you maintain
they have many racks, maybe they will take this server to insert another root
you should use that server.
because of this server, sometimes you watch
if the server is down, how can we notify the ten department people who do not have keep track.
don't grain s. h. do n’t do it for machine of machine
we made then we have push to use for india
go there when the then u. s.
that is better, they can accept your idea
to you, go to the one who compares centric america like j. f. it is difficult for you
they asked you why, i want trust you
he talked about we for the second sentence.
after that, i saw one thing here to say that your question is also very important. how do you have a good idea?
how good you are, you have such an idea, you can help you to solve. at that time, i did it for myself.
the second is that you do n’t need to waste so much time.
it's because that we are from asia
well, i went back to me and gave me another partner. they did
i am also my family because i am all the way to encourage. i read it back.
reading is also asked me to come back to study. he said that you left a level
just read that one is p. h. d.
that is, you say that you have to read the part time and it is more difficult
there is also no time that you have a child and your concern. your content is more.
the right right is that i try my best because it is left to say that it can be done in three or four years.
sacrifice a lot of okay for example. you see how much you take on intel is a month.
you, you, you, you can also understand that your sacrifice is there, i think it is worth because of after that
hello, you are in his thirties, when you are going back to read, then you want to ask you suddenly dump to drop your work and come back to read
the first you fin ~ who will support your financial
i also saw many manager in and out in and out
you read before you read p. h. d. where are you doing it
there are many people who learn french in university
there are many countries in the korean south american of japanese chinese from china
those people from south america
many, many are from
most of the from china is the most
there should be quite a lot of it should be considered as japanese, right?
after that, there are quite a lot of korean
after that, if you are talking about america south american, there are also country like yukoslavia
forgot to produce a lot of miss universe south america
but most of the students, like chinese korean, they came mainly to go to their university course
they came to him, and they seemed to be those who i knew chinese. how did they come?
that middleman is to make this kind of money
earn these arrangement arrange, they come here to take class
but i don’t know because i don’t need to take it because i do because i want to reate ~ we take rese ~ resee ~
it is easier for you to apply university. if you want you to come to france
but you have to come to france, you have to have visa
therefore
a student can stay in france for two years. if he can't pass his french in two years, he should go back.
the teacher i taught there is also very okay. i think
when expressing things, many times when you use body language for example
but do you know, uh, most of the students who look at example like those from chinese china
they already have a background
because they have some background, it should be easier to learn as if we are like us
although i have read for three or three months of intensive course
in fact, he still doesn't know what other tense is, but i will not use it so far
there are also the same thing to learn some vocabular
some commonly used vocabulary
but the problem is that everyone's freench is a limited company, so sometimes you
in fact, the best thing is to learn from a frenchman to talk about the communication communicate
so how to say the best way to learn foreign language is to make a boyfriend or a girlfriend.
because french speaks, they like the company's previous words and the back
if there is a certain cost in front ~ i don't know what consonant will have a vowel afterwards.
that sentence to word
is it a character, a charter, so a chaper can be said to be a word, but it is not a word. it seems that it seems that we are actually the definition of word.
we are a word, do you know?
it is not two words
it is a word
because we are we
so when i was learning french at that time, i had this problem
if there is nothing wrong in mandarin, right?
in mandarin
you can master mandarin's like sixty percent
they have such and there are actually, they have made such statistics
each noun has male and female
uh, it's not like a table
there are some objects of object
first, you need to know that there are many of their tenses after male female
this is the reason that it is very troublesome, so the vocabular you want to learn naturally, you natural
once there are male and female, you are like double's already double. vocabular that you want to learn seems to be double. sometimes the problem is you
if you talk about you, you may not know what you may not know what you are talking about
because it seems that if you speak to a native speaker, when you talk to a native speaker, you tell him that he hear the female he said.will be different
the funny thing is that i will go one by one, my best is the most funny thing is to listen to me listening to a lecturer to talk about me
one of my previous supervisor said
he knows a lecturr.
because you can talk about #un #or you can say #une #
if that thing is, you use # une # so
but there is no need to be divided into two, three or three, because the two, three, five, all the whether male or female is the same
so that time that time he said, he said that when he bought something, he wouldn't say something wrong.
if i want to talk about ninety -nine, i want to talk about four twenty nineteen
if you want you, you have to use your mathematic to plus one plus one to know
if you do language again from 9 to 5 o'clock, what time do you want to do your research?
so this is a problem
so after mastering some basic there, one of them learned themselves to buy books because they have a lot of books
i buy some, uh, uh, from that amazon
france also has their amazon
after buying some reference book, there is also exercise book
a piece d. v. d. he had frent with english and there may be some other languages
because it also has subtital
after that, you can try, i am like this, i am every time
go to see if it is what he said, is this like this?
see some words you don't know, those vocabulary, you can write it up
it's your memorize vocabulary
my french learning is just used in daily life
so in this case, you will use french
my research, my research is about crowd simulation
that is, we want a model a puppet
what does it talk about language?
it's human modeling
there are different people in that kind of malacca kingdom
yes, talk about simulation
it's animation
because the whole thing is to give us his action and his action
it seems that they go to lift. if they press lift, what will they stand?
or they will go in that lift or their eyes will see the lift number
yes, another kind of example is in prayers # masjid #
actually that focus is not on the face
he was in his action with his characteristic and his clothes
how to use it because if you are model alone, they usually
actually, it's not gate, it's not for movie for movie
you can use it for museum
it seems that you can put the virtual store ~ story teller inside this crowd simulation
they have a program software
each of us, what are we have to have interconnection so in that place, we put a node in that place
what will happen to his feeling
because we actually have more than one hundred node to put
but that focus is also on the face with our hands and feet
that abdomen we don't have count
because we are not doing it like dancing or something so do you need to put anything node
how model him
there is no model yet because i am the research of the research of this is what we want to do. we are not sure.
it's okay
but usually the biggest problem with research is that you think people haven’t done it
the new algorithm you find yourself yourself, but that idea's entire idea is not you who do it alone.
very basic’s stage is the first stage
i just came in uh, for about two months for p. h. d.
ah my master
do you want to play guitar or play piano. it is a different instrument so.
but this is a propram
ah, he has already informed all the sound of the instrument
you can compose lyric yourself
if you are in it, if a person really learns a. note b. note c. note, do you not have to learn a different instrument
you can use program
ah it is a m.. d. i. software is musical instrument digital interface
because if you are drag, it seems that we talk
we know okay now we want start
i do n’t know music
i just want to learn that note because note is universal, but every musical instrument, you are different.
its result is a lot of people think
do not need to learn one by one instrument
because this is a potential music learner tools
we have two category
one is experience and music
one is l. system is a kind of algorithm
ah that algorithm is based on as like plant modeling
our plants ~ plants are actually all universal things are fibonacci algorithm
it is our hair. we have a strand one strand to duplicate to two or two into five.
it is fibonacci's style
it's every time you are increase
how about evaluate
the change is to talk about grow grow
it's not just talking about its duplication every time # tumbuhan # it will have an increase add the number before
and ah music music note
i just with you explain
because some researcher learns l. system. they will learn through plant
now plant and music have connections
every time we last note, it will return that plant's branch turn to right hand side or turn hand side
they said what kind of hand is this hand left if they use it
it is its key will be more comparison
this is one octave upper
it is its sound is the pitch of do re mi, which is relatively high and higher
you hit this before playing this. it is the background noise
just uh music lor music note
i will say that if you have a timent in music
but if you still have blur blur and music, you have to learn that notes then, and after that, you will really try that musical instrument before returning to program compose your own lyric
you can be as long as it is western music
because we find a room for future work
that is, we have categorize music western music chinese music
different music so if you are playing #kompang #不 不 不 #serunai # #gong #
all music malay is different from english
ah, what they learned is also different, their musical notes is also different.
but if it is guitar, if chinese uses them to use a. b. c. that kind of musical note
but if they use guitar
singing in mandarin themselves will only double that key then to put down an octave or the last octave
go to suit's own music
no matter what news is in internet, i didn't read it
if it is monday to friday, the internet is looking for paper
read for that research
is there any promotion
it doesn’t make it clear about what software is given to us
use dreamweaver
that adobe
if you talk about microsoft
many types of typing or it are also but less but relatively small
it seems that the words of that table
if you want a create a table, it can directly press its function
i prefer to do these website things. i like to see more. i like coding
otherwise, sometimes sometimes the scroll can't find it a few times
it's okay, i mean that the name is pendaftaran kursus, those register things
because it can not support
it seems that the third party things are more troublesome
and there is no such experience, and sometimes you have to add it without knowing how to add it
it seems to say that you want to add some google map
then it seems to have to add some comparison like some text
it seems that the thing of text area seems to be required
it seems to be rich rich text
usually go to internet
it will be very dangerous and suddenly by hack
when my school learns a. s. p. dot network
it's as if he sometimes sets its configure something
he taught a little like set his user what user
you can enter that website and then you can't get in
that's a basic
then if you learn those who seem to be security
it's a sem who has a sem to learn this
one is to learn to use graphic
usually i look at its coding first after drag and drop
one part is to look at the part of that code is to see the drag and drop of its interface
otherwise, sometimes it is troublesome to have something wrong with it
it was first year first semester.
because you can see what you can use to do a website
there are applications, but most of them have to have experience
compare the kind of base
some are like this skip
then he said that when you look like you order
you order will be confirm after your order
he has for us, but we seem to be through the internet
he doesn't seem to be our own operation.
if you are online, you can go there to find it, but it is the user i. d.
so they said last year's passing rate is very low
after reading it, he gave us revision for a week
because before before, there was no idea what s. p.
actually, it's pretty good, because sometimes i also like those things that are a bit management
then if i asked me to stay in front of the computer all day to write those programming, i feel very hard
because i am not the kind of talent who is doing programming
sometimes if you go online, you are also search. some seem to be recipe
it's not very clearly
if you do n’t have that capital, you want to read it. it seems that it ’s comparable to those college of private
but i haven't really entered because i want to use its product now
my family does not agree with me what i read bio
because reading bio also has its risks, because they do n’t understand before they talk about it, it is difficult to find a job. if you read bio, if you read bio
uh, hello my name is nelson
is it uh, nanyang business school
studying that business and eco is the business degree course of business accounting
some high goals yup see what we can talk about
good okay
it is unsuccessful that the most of time you tend to have some english among chinese words and then occasionally mixed with some english and english words when they speak chinese.a little
that is to say, when the kindergarten starts, they just try to communicate in english because our education our educational system in china in singapore is mainly in en ~ in english
that is the main first language is english, so it is usually time in the kindergarten even when you are in kindergarten.
in the chinese impression, it should be in the younger one that is uh our mother tongue so -called mothertone is that we are uh chinese or may be said to be malaysian or hindu.chinese
don't remember it as i said, as i am because i am a brusht up in a chinese educated family, so
just give me a the right balance, so we
after that, i will compare because i use chinese at home and then learn how to use english at school, so so it help me to balance?
after after after the after primary school
basically in fact, the design of the course is not moch difference
because they are based on the things that may be said in the ministry of education, the rule the guidelines will be followed will follow the m. o. o. e. system buty means that students may be more used to communicate in chinese in private.
or it may be that some coaches may be more than when they are activating extra -curricular.
it's like chinese culture more focused.
british schools may not have this attention in this regard, they may pay attention to maybe orchestra
it's orchestra band
i know uh some j.c. raffles victoria.
one of the first two junior colleges belongs
but the focus has ben more or less or less or less
yes, so uh just feel that there will be two differences, but in terms of education more or less, obviously there is no too much of disfernce
it's as if we are from the middle of china. i have some scholarship from central china and some of our scholarships.
european countries maybe english or maybe american lecturers from western country as well so basically i think there is no difference
compared with the traditional festival where chinese, i think i think
the right to me is the next gift and the next week, so uh may not be every every family will be going down on same day, they will be separated by one period of time.
now it is more cremated by yeah
but uh we are lack of space in singapore so. if we are buried, it will occupy a lot
yes, internet
the application process is actually quite simple because i saw this
it seems that i can’t say that okay is good, but there will be this department to help students help us
it's either website or via email
tell us the webmail of our n. u.
just submit our resume cover letter and other things
just say they will help us provide some channels
so if we are really interested, we may be more opportunities to go to the application ourselves.
continue some parts that are more more president
my department is a department i am about to go now
do maybe credits and for ~ under asset management is asset management or mainly
uh to help them make a research is to study some rules regulations for this asset management forms
just say we uh, this is actually some in this foundry
the rules and the ~ key regulations for the asset management company
uh, what is the main thing i do, i don’t know how to have to wait until
i want to have something to do with business law or company law
when i was during my interview they actually asked me whether, i actually learn business law or not so i think what i can learn should be sent in handy.
it is said that before i actually enter the u. e. i also worked aero force base for quite a whole
when you approach year end, many people need many people to prepare for the statements for the end of the year, so there is just this opportunity to help help
now i am not clear.
in addition to tax rate
that is, politics i think is quite stable for our politics, so it is mainly more than uh.
demonstration strikes riots and other things
therefore, singapore has an advantage because he may be more developed compared to some of the surrounding countries and the facilities are relatively complete, so it will attract some foreign investors. here, it seems that living here seems to live in set upa base here that they can be active their service maybe their indesian clients thailand clients and the like
singapore's three -generation and three -generation banks are u. o. b. o. c. b. c. and u. b. s.
then there are actually quite a lot of overseas banks.
maybe some are not of banks more of finance institutions
then britain may have barcla ~ barclays capital in germany.
in terms of strength, the influence of the united states will be relatively large before, but now that the economic crisis of the united states, the economic crisis of the united states may be that their strength will be more or less
i think some of the hottest banks that are hotter now are some banks that belong to europe and europe.
it's not clear that i still have goldman sachs goldman sachs
i don't know but not the common publicice is that
take the bank over the bank over there. of course, if you use visa, you can do so.
to that is the main hindering hindering factor
because the first point is the currency will be different
it is currency’s disfering so if we use uh, our hukou is uh
singapore dollars and then use us dollars over there
maybe you have to go there to the next account from viena itself
yes, you need declare
there will be preference treatment
that exchange rate is quite favorable.
some measures have been launched to actually bail grandes of this crisis
however, it should be almost about a little bit, if it is the actual that we check on the internet on the internet
i went to the money exchange and changed it with that currency exchange dealer
of course, their advantages are pretty that when they buy them, they will buy quite low, they will sell higher the spread will be much larger than the money changers have.
however, it is like the there lot of money may changes aroundes.
different hits different money changers may have some advantages on different exchange currency currencies
that is to say, it may be better, then b may be better.
that's the five -subject but before that
to finish some projects and assignments
just uh, there will be projects due next week
it's okay because this semester is quite lucky
because the exam schedule itset is rowed and quite separate
it's like there are almost three days in about three days in between the different mo ~ papers so should have time to prepare for hope to cope with it.
then p ~ uh
then class participation ten percent
mainly, the distribution of this is usually the same as the same, but in this percen ~
it is not just that if there is, there will be a score that you want participate
some tutors will give the opportunity as if everyone
some also have to fight for opportunity
some students who take engineering may be more than 20 hours of lessons at a week of week.
because different drawers, they have the designated material
those uh like reference books, so it is inevitable to do some reading from there.
it is said that some of them will buy first hand and then they will
if they have used continuous
so this is good for both parties.
so most of the time to see whether my seniors will have
because it is only a semester anyway, it doesn't need to be more moved unless its editions has some more moved
if there is no way, i can use it last semester. senior was passed down. some books were pretty good. i think so.
it is necessary, but it may be time for different semesters.
so i do uh, mainly to take a look at how they questions are being phrase, and then i think it is more important
uh, i will try it again or what is it? it's just that it will be more secure. this is my personal preference.
it will make me compare with prepared for the papers
probably between these two ranges
mainly there is calcurations as what is said, because we have business
of course, it is also possible that some multiple choice questions
test some of our main theory baby
see we know some uh theories within the finance itseel
because i think the course of finance
the main feature is that the comparison is more realistic.
compare uh, you can really learn a lot of things and you will prepare that project itset in that project
because project, you have to consider many different factors
but project, you have to find it yourself.
i will learn a lot of things from it, so i really learn that project itset
there are almost a long time, but usually we spend time except for spending time.
it is near the to the deadline maybe one month before then we will start
but projects really benefits shallowly
for some, it is not necessarily that there is such a false, but you have no way to do it, and you have to understand it yourself.
because i have an elective, that elective does not need to do project
by the way, some have been done, so the last one left is the last one is now that you are now possiblying this week, you will have time prepare for the final paper
how many posted some of them have no rules, but some may just mean that it may be about about twenty page
limit to maybe ten pages and the like
in fact, it is mainly because of the able to clear more countes there
uh, because this intep is the main one of our school's main study abroad.
and the actually of the event of their event's partner universities is actually quite like it seems that europe has
then uh america and even south africa and mexico both
but it may be relatively rare and rare.
the most important i think it can be like match to me
that is to say, i do n’t need to clear the course anymore when i come back.
that is to say, some subjects of the host university
for some of our school's administrator to approve
see what they teach is the same as the course in our school.
right, of course, i want to go to uh european countries.
you can stay at europe for almost half a year
then you can go to tour
then uh, so i chose europe and then see which country is compared with clear more courses
you can clear to almost may be clear seven modules in one semester
and i hope that clear can almost get to six should be enough
then the life of vienna is uh's living standards is course. vienna is in eastern europe
his expenditure will not have this expensive that it may be compared to italy. i heard that the possible expense is much much higher also in sweden and other countries in sweden, denmark
it should be comparatively that it may be cheaper
if you want when you enter the universities, then you will see seniors, they will go to study abroad, and view is good
it looks pretty fun, and then i will share more experiences
no, uh, it is not necessarily going to vienna. eh, just go to europe to america and other vienna friends. a friend of vienna and other friends who have been there will go from there.
then when they go to play in europe, they will pass vienna and they will tell me that this place is good and this place is good, so i have been to everyone to read and then try this school and this
for cann go can go there
if not wrong, they should be in english and it should be okay. fluent
but if we go there, if there is nothing wrong, we need a basic
it should be helpful to our stay over there
but i also heard that it seems that what we learn. when you ask, when they answer, you do n’t understand what they are talking about you will beyond even under the reason are trying to sa ~
to hear that german is a pretty difficult german itset yes
my french is french is.
almost when you are on september late august to seplletmber, you should fly over
because that course will actuals in october can only go before it may start in october
go to travel first and then because his semester will be in january
at that time n. t. u.
therefore, there should be no time to go to travele, so it should be to travel first.
the school did not say that there is any subsidy, that is, that is, we pay us as usual in the tuition fees that we need to pay.
because it is exchange
but there are some financial assistant schemes
it means that it may be possible to use some internet free loans and the like
if you really need it, then there are something like scholarship
if it is scholarships
you need some certain criteria, it is like your grades
your g. a. you must be more than 3:6 or more.
in fact, there may be a lot of thought that it may be the relationship between our department.
because his value the vacancies are limited
by the five subjects and five university so they have to see the priority, they will decide from it
this is a consideration of the first first cut off alone
there is no significance without much significance because you have some countes some countes
uh school will help us submit to the host university for their acceptance
then wait for the host university accept
it’s now busy with the phase of appliation. now are waiting for their reply
they will have residence dormitories within the school itset. most schools will be available
i don’t know much about it, but i heard it alone for european
usually the whole overarl expenses will be almost range between.
of course, it is necessary to include you to see your travele for almost five months, almost five months,
they are cooking because i must have my beware of expenses and then they usually cook in their own room
uh, i will bring a lot of luggage right
so listening to them said that they said, uh, it seems that choosing some airlines also depends on them if they have any exce ~ excess luggage pays, it may be better because this time it will take a lot of things.
and it is not easy to enter for engineering.
is it engineering but our side n. t. u.
for me, i have two of my friends who have an accountancy.
just want to all of atlanda to actlanda and go to other places
this is pretty good, it is sunny island
yes, so when you are in america
will it be possible to be canada or mexico and the like is within american itset
their domstic flights will be expensive
it seems that it may be available if it is lucky, so it is okay
i just have a budget travel recently to vietnam vietnam vietnam
maybe you may go to some friends with me before going to vienna for a few days.
that should be quite easy. book when it may be closer
now traveling should be compared to before
maybe it is convenient
also, i also need to take budget at that time, almost three or four hundred yuan
i remember when i was the last time i went to hong kong, i took a budget travel
taiwan set up from singapore to taiwan
more than 400 yuan, i went to taiwan last time, i took cathay more than 500 yuan
it's not clear that there may be a promotion at that time.
so it ’s almost the same, so it’ s more comfortable to choose cathay
i use jet star, but i heard that it seems that tiger airways air asia is also quite promoted
so it's a pretty good opportunity. i just took it once. i just took it once.
fortunately, at that time, it was a flight one by one who went to hong kong for more than three hours.
write it over there, just write their own status
things that cause people attention
he was like a level and then he planted vegetables
because i used to have always wanted to play a game, he was farm, and he was farm.
he is a dish, he is like farm, you can buy chickens and cows, and then
after that, i have never played so much so i think i regret it. so now i go to find that farm game.
what kind of dish when you look at it, for example, a cabbage
the four stages for that dish, then the dish, then
put some bugs and go to him to put some weeds to him
this is very good to play with him. he has level so you will always become
if you want to chase that level, you want to chase that level and change it
it seems that you can buy a land if you have level
with level you, you can buy a land if you can change it.
i don't know what virtual will bring them or bad, but i think i think
face -to -face social seems to be in our home
now all the studnts are one person, one laptop
look at m. s. n.
i because his room is one or two people who live together, one or two, and then i have a course mate
he lived with his course mate
two speeches are also lazy and use m. s. n.
the most common is microsoft office
because when i usually read books, i use report
i don’t use pho ~ i don’t use that photoshop i use another with another
i just want to think because i asked that lecturer
he talks about u. s. m.'s archaeology
there is no course work mode.
i don't think i don't have bac ~ basic, so if i go directly to the research
it seems that there is no insurance in the future.
he is now k. l. he told me that he told him that he had to take it, but he didn't do so quickly.
their education fee is
he is free, they education
the problem is that it seems that u. k.
it is difficult for him to find the part-time worker
i also thought about it in u. s. m.
i don’t know what to do. nothing wants to stay in u. s.
before that, i went to the university, canada, he had
twenty thousands, probably, the entire course
two years of canadian dollar six thousands of meaning
i thought back to go back, but that place is a small town
very small and small in the north, then there is a little boring after staying there for two years after two years.
at that time, because of our exchaange
not called exchange, our major international business
he has a requirement that he must go abroad
be sure to go abroad to read a sem, so we just
at that time, we quarreled with them for a long time. we quarreled to t. n. c.
after that, our dean is a very good
he said because of our in-charge person because we quarreled our in-charge
our dean, we have a meeting with them every time we have only 17 people.
don't tell us not to worry
if you don’t want to come out, are you? indonesia is very cheap
you give an indesia and then give some foreign countries who want to go to indonesia
so after that, we don't want to go to indonesia, although it is said
the school is good to teach in english, but do you want to go abroad?
didn't you go to singapore so desolate, do you run to indonesia and then we will
one is that he really has no money and then they run to indonesia
i don't know how he course, but they went to him to talk
the person of the school person, faculty, when they are v. i. p. such a child
because it is the first time with foreign student to go to their university
those who don't want passport or what they don't do well
come back in two months, it seems that renew ran back once again
we went to canada and didn't get anything. i have a friend to finland.
where do they go germany, they get two hundred euro
our course has only three or three malays and only three or three malays
the twenty thousand parents can afford the parents, there are then, after the pass
in fact, i took my dad because my father had just reached the retirement age as soon as my dad retired.
the best is to find eight thousand because we go to the flight t 4 thousand
be sure to go to indonesia then
because my sister has been to u. k. he said that you must get out of you.
you will see a lot of different things. after then, he has always encouraged me to come out like this
then she helped me give me that she gave me because she was in u. k.
she does part-time, she stays over there
then she only saved some money to do part-time so that she helped me give me a ticket.
i feel like it's very bad and i have to use the money of the people at home.
after that, i listened to junior in my left hand. they said that they went to apply for exchange program
when we were me, we had to apply for the internetal office.
we should have that qualify to apply for this thing
so we have passed that one, so we seem to be like
it is not fair to have nothing to do with interview opportunities
i have two friends with the three of us to the course mate over there
buddy, we already have buddy, there are two buddys, one of them is malaysia
one is the local people canadian and then they ask us
for the first time you saw snow seeing snowing, we said yes
three hundred sixty -five days a year, every day is very sunny, and then
it's also like exchange program, so they are at that time
there are more than a hundred town of a batch.
his population is very small, after the time
it's as if it's okay.
it is also very convenient
then people are very friendly, but i heard that state
the people are the most friendly of canadian canada
that is a island on the north and then we saw iceberg
i am glad to see iceberg then
then they were surprised to see that the shape of his snow was like the shape of the snow we saw.
it is closed at six and 7 o'clock, so this kind of child seems to be shopping
over there, last time, i went to the big city of toronto's big city.
it's not good to walk or malaysia's good walk
then i listened to my friend who said that euro was like this.
it's not good to walk, it doesn't seem to be beautiful, so it's beautiful or malaysia.
but the people over there are really friendly seem to be like
men will be very gentleman.
when he was very windy winter, he was a island, so he was very windy
then when winter, they seemed to give you a place to go in and then you
at that time, we went to bank and then we walked away and looked at the scenery to go very slowly
many you will be like this when you encounter course mate
then hold that door and tell you to tell you, please enter such a child, and then i scare and then
it is impossible for malaysia to be in malaysia
then it seems that escalator, you have to rely on the right and then
we are hostel for them because of their hostel
but if you are like many malaysian, we encountered a lot of malaysian over there
there should be twenty of them who lived for a long time.
run outside and rent the house to live in that hostel.
ice cabinet is beautiful with oven
then there will be sofa.
we just want request to their details then try to from their conversation
what they want is what they want is service or they want to buy a product
or the salesperson they want this is my job.
there will be a mentor sitting next to you to listen to the phone with you, but he is talking about you
that job is multitask, which requires a very high level
because you have to listen to the phone and you want to see computer on the same time, you want you to drive your google to find something
no, but a call usually does not exceed three minutes
but usually everyone's calls will exceed two hundred
it's just that your mood is different. before archive target, you will feel okay you have a target for hit
you won't worry, because there are actually a lot of calls every day
it is said that it seems that when very very peak
everyone’s advertisement has just just on the new zealand t. v. broadcast so you want to get ready
in fact, we have already ready, because you are already in the call, you will be suddenly. you will see your phone always blinking
then some customer went in dell, but they didn't want to buy something because the number of number was toll free
they think that i can help me direct to go to the place i want
there are also many such customer
most are asking promotion
it will be on their repirement where they call direct to the right place
then why do we ask their names with address or call because
so the service that will break the dell at any time is that they will call back like this
this is not very clear about this aspect, but i believe that each region should have them all have their call operator
i won't play any musical instrument
i like jazz very much
i think the sense of music will change with your age
i used to think when i was in school
or r. and b. i think that because that because i feel that i want to listen to that
compared with rich's music
when you heard randomly listening to then, you will be copy to do your own collection when you hear what you like
because u. s. m.
then orchestra has rarely seen it in penang.
i think this might be a saying? i think this is a skill
because every time i listen to a song, i can quickly cach to its lyrics
if you just look at lyrics, there are some children’s songs. lyrics is also very good
because if you just look at lyrics, it seems like you look at a letter or poem
i am a very fussy person
my prefer japanese food
i am born and bred in penang, but i don’t like spicy things
and i think local's food is relatively salty and oily
so i am still prefer other foods
another type i have forgotten what the terms of japanese is called
it is a seaweed then, put me a meal with its ingredient, do you use one
one rice ball top with the ingredient you want
it is a japanese spaghetti then
you want to eat stretch noodles, you can order #udon #or #soba #
usually, they are usually soupy.
i don’t want to stir -fry the oil like this and put a lot of ingredients. they are all light
eating at that typical japanese family is very good at the morning and evening
what is simple to?
this is how to eat it on it.
maybe their things are fresh and many of their fruits and fruits daily product are all from organic
a big portion and then we come and go to more or less or less is a same because all have meat
i will prefer to talk to tour
why is it because i think this is more secure
but i usually think this is like the old man's thoughts, but i think it will be compared to the tour
where will i go on the first few days, what will i eat that day, what these sleeping things like that hotel
my more mean more account is a work i like to be optimistic
my favorite scene quite boring is literary film
i must know who it is the director, i will do my homework before i will see the movie's movie
i will go to read its synopsis or on its offering website to see what making is like
what is its storyline?
i think there is no good show recently to watch the compare with before
i used to have a group of friends in college for a while
those who read mass com, so they have more research on movies
you will see the chinese of the chinese
a low cost movie is also taken in china
i don’t understand, don’t you understand, have you ever heard that i have always been neighbourhood school in choa chu kang
many people think that many people talk about kranji in #kranji #not in #choa-chu-kang #
just west to i think more nearer to north-west not very sure but i think is west
my batch okay i think our batch is
no, you won't think i think very ~ sometimes very hard to talk to them
it's pioneer
how many people are this secondary school?
they show then i think
okay
i used to be primary school i play tennis for like half a year
then choose the team then i didn't enter okay, i don't want to be just one quit
isn't he play tennis?
wait, wait for the coach will just sit there newspaper then, we will like so going on now now
very hurt
we will do some physical but ourselves
just run, run, run and run, then the okay so next
if you have any way to play and play, you do n’t just play with yourself without yourself
for but at least is at least like
at that time, they told me that nat this this person called nat okay you know who running sports then asked me if i want to run to sport then okay then.
don't understand thinking of taking malay and bio biz
look at the becape i think still a bit early
all p. e. u. e. three electivers 9 a. u. s
i am aero so, i directly specialise
really a so called interest in one particular field
you can get nobody the things i think a singaporean or a human mindset that nobody will write i thinking this lecturer.
how to say the module is just like that
after that, you need to look at it depends on the market
now then to my count
there is really no reading that many tutorials do not do it.
it is the but i think for my course like at the bottom alream
i don’t have definitly, i don’t
i won't be set to when i have time
i won't be afraid of i mean it's its natural then
sometimes sometimes like when you are at home
i won't go to seek but if it comes then why not
i want to want to be popular,
go to true one think is if you really go therream then that why not you just do it since,
i won't talk
i have to go to okay but minus the thailand from army
go to family together
money is hard to earn then
it is really the kind that can be supported family
i want to see because
that one will be one thing is time
i am also my my my school outside
i just so they differentes
play without playing games like game some like you sometimes there was once
my mother has been calling for dinner, then one hour later still playing
i'm playing game now, so i didn't play anymore
without me, i used to be know what ben doing last time also
i recept
i used to recess secondary school as a chin-up with my friends
i used to go to #pia #
there must be, you do not have any confirm
people talked about people will just say
she is hot oh my god
some of her songs are is really about
now every time i look at people playing guitar the kind of like quite
haie but a course right
now i learn from ah boon.
no. 25 becauce i remember on twenty third
it is my my siblings.
one brother two siste
my youngest then is the older and seven -year -old
the kind then usually she be at home that runs out
it's not racist
before there was racist ingredient
one is racist and then the police must be investigated and one is not used.
just compare the pos* pipeline
it's as if he invited him to go back to the church back to the church to do some rituals.
i rarely listen to f. m.
last time there was a talk, he also talked about this
he then said that some reports said that they made another statistic
i think sometimes i want to die if he can really threaten the entire society
then after the education
to deal with those who do it if you get tock
uh, i am more interested in like science, but science is very similar to doing research, so i do not make a lot of money, so do accountant
no participate in any events
uh, go in chineserchestra without any reason.
liuqin know the seat in front of pipa smaller version of pipa
at the internet club
so if you call me back back to chinese orchestra, i will think
their f. o. c.
why other people in our age
in this way, you don't have apply j. c.
how can you not apply j. c.
it's skip's process
what should i do if the next year
he will send you a letter and ask you then how do you know the website and stuffs
this way exciting
uh, every time i follow the norm
if you call me skip one year and then go to apply, i will feel very good
so you should be join my year
really, increase by, my friend is going to calculate more than 400 yuan
they count two thisand a ~ eight's rate then
now outgoing i think was not very outgoing before
i did n’t speak like like before, so i did n’t speak like this.
we are you can choose what schemes you want
not the one of admiralty
that kind of family center for those low income children so playing with them
that scheme is called learn and play
so what is the topic of like primary five
like additive or something then
this kind of thing and then play i think quite fun yah every saturday
several adults do not seem to have only one because children are less likely to find and andd
because i am in that ex co and it is easier for children to find
it is difficult to find that kind of visually like because of that kind of trating
they sent us to be the kind of peer tu peer tutoring
there is a scheme that is elderly, but
no one wants join because it's boring
teach them how to use computer
some people elderly will be more friendly. they will
so those who are not like this are not like this
they can go to see that kind of videos
because of the type of actually
so we are the first lesson to teach flower arrangement
so we teach those youtube or something
it is prepare's materials inserted them casually
because i apply
so of course, choose n. u. u. accountance
because n. s. science i am internet in science but
they said that you have entered first year science as everyone's take command modules rightt
what i want to enter is chemistry or not physics because i read chemistry physics
i just want to enter the kind of cheules, they say
your g. a. no reach a crtain
he will not let you enter chemistry
then i want to compete with eintein compete
so i chose n. u. u. accountance
sometimes those professors are very neurotic and they like all cram together
they are like they give you a recess week but of them, and they are all extens.
just want to plan that timing
i think the school fees right is not proportionate to what i learn
it is also not proportionate to the time i spend in school
because i think i have been playing and playing, i have n’t been reading, so i ’m over, then i spend 7,000 yuan, and i think it’ s strange. i didn’t learn something. i think last sem.
because last sem, i am the kind of marketing of take
without you, you can selectively read. i think you are the kind of nerd then, you can read it.
no one should have some butes that should be minority
i have a preferred choice but. i don't have aim
because it seems to be far fetched for me me
just talk about you and different clients
the same is the same, what is course s. i. m. what is your apply?
how to divide why there are management
i am very similar to not seeing s. i. m.
my temp job is not like you, temp job very busy
i do as a work in some tar
people talk about me translate bad but he will listen a little bit
so the tuition center i think in my opinion he is trying to combine everything together like they call it a tuition center it call it. he changed his name four times.
the first time he called it spring language school
then change it to spring school international
now change to spring college international
so his programmes offered right is
there is also the kind of time of the child.
so a lot of yes, so he also has color with like
so after you take your a. levels maybe you can go m. i. s. to complete your uni degree or some
then they also also aim to be a university themselves so everything and everything they also have you know so in order to offer everyone. ll those courts from other institution
my work is right, which is the syllabus of other people to copy
then go to apply to m. o. e.
he told me to go to interview that teacher
i am only ten okay i am only nineteen years old really
he called me interview is actually
lie them so i just like put up a advert
so i think it is very guilty everytime. he told me to do this kind of thing
not only interview, he also told me to go to interview
because the salary he gave was very low, he was very mean, so he
the entire office is not very happy, that is it
at that time, he called me interview branch manager becape he is going overseas
then i was interview that branch manager
then the branch manager trembled
when he didn't come in, i told me colleagues
as a result, when he came, he asked him question that he shivered me
i'll go to google interview questions
the kind of uh is your experience do you think you are capable of something some.
his previous post is uh
so he i think, he has experience, so he has been shaking all the time, and i always laughed at me without laughing.
that branch manager
come here and then run away for a day, then i want to run away from his sign me to a contract.
then my pay is six dollars per hour
then he gave me so many things on top of that syllabus, what do i want to help him do that kind
i will compose a very stupid reason and then i will talk about get out of the
then they told me that the contract they sign me to is not value i am still a minor undertered one years old or some
then after that, my another branch manager told me
in fact, it is because it is unfair contract
his contract terms is unfair to me so that
because his contract term is
then they fry to get out
he will not come by the next day
he doesn't want to turn on the phone and don't want anything, then i'm very sad because no one takes my duties, i can't go
so he told me stay for two more weeks
then i stay for two more weeks hoping that
after that, after i really left, he threw all my job to another marketing manager name. the name is useless.
there is no but i am still working there as a teacher.
he will be in office
what do they teach me what is in?
uh because those receptionist is mine
then, if there is any available jobs, he will like s. m. s.
because his business is not very good
unless you are r. c. p. before the previous child, there is no r. c. then it is cheap. the one is not very cheap.
i used to remember that i like one hour and eight dollars or something
now they can afford to pay me for a p. four kid twenty dollars per hour
then he can pay me two
so they do not make much their marginal benefit
i have seen their income statement
there are buts that they are earned in that kind of foreign laanguages
i tell you that those teachers are all my own call. if you are lucky, i find a good teacher, then you are lucky to find that kind
so i ca n’t find the good, so it ’s not good, so uh, how do i say that those customer step in and ask those question, i think
it is their once they enrol into a course i will pity, but i dare not say it
especially foreign language
it's really deceiving money and they are very high
because those are full time students from other, i learn from other countries
they are those parents i think too rich
so they are oncey heard of it okay they come down
he has an our own school cert but it does that does not use what our school the class
the most important thing is the kind of preparatory courses for o. levels is
if you can't enter any school
read read for another year, so those
it seems that many cases are like this
of course, there are successful cases but i think
so they are bank on those successful cases then try to rip more people in
they have two branch. i think you will go to the bishan branch
because they have establish for quite a fears i think ten years
then their teachers are more or less stablise
then if you come to jurong branch, i will tell you i can go in and teach it and then come out and run like this
it's really a market place
i am out of me and i also have tuition besides the tuition center
that tuition center is because i want to help those colleagues because they can't find them
i teach is secondary school o. level or a. level
then he earns more in that tuition center to earn less. sometimes i think it is a waste of time
i seem to have every time i want to reject and then i think it is very much.
then i was combine. my two were originally outside. i had a student. i only need to take two tuitions because
too tired, then g. p. a. not very good
then i took take two students this sem and then there was a aunty that you helped him to help him.
it's hard to teach two students in one time
earn a lot of good but you i think from the start
so i was thinking that there was no taught bio.
i thought he wanted to test my abity to code switch
i now think i want test
i am reply i think, i am a recography by the like. my friends has different cliques right diffferent cliques will speak different languages
then my f. c. cliques they would think that i was #jiat gan tang# and then i was strange that i was just speak english only because of during the camp right the first thing you say to people is alway. t so i only speak english during the entirecampp
will you read that word, and then i will be so strange that he is really strange. he really asked me if i would read that word and then i would
no one said since i was a child, i was just a speak english
your j. c.
my arts can't be me
i feel very much about the no yes no anger
then i said because of my literature elec
can't read between the lines, and then he asked us to be essay on a short poem
i didn't ask me what my school was just now. i didn't ask me in chinese what my school is my school for a long time.
i'm thinking why i think for a long time and then my national junior color. i compiled because i know it was the beginning of the country, so i was the national junior college
don't enter n. j. i don't think it's good
i think his value at the last one
not very smart okay above average slightly above avove average but
so i enjoy my secondary school live
because some is continue from secondary school
i think if you want to go to top five j. c. right
don't choose n. j. i think a. c. it's better
there are people in that library every day
before before, they talked about before.
they read quietly at home and then parents invited a lot of tuition teachers to read them
and that cat. high, i am talking about men, but i am not talking about women. i don't think they are disgusting without i think
because that boy, i was very used to that boy, like will at least hold the door until you pass, is you can hold on to the door right
he is the kind of that kind of door at all, then door is slam on my face.
boy than r. v.
central china is also i think chinese high
still all the girls of r. v.
go to that kind of why you go to s. i. m.
what do you do, do you want you? what do you want?
is there any tuition fee to pay tuition?
i thought he was very happy
then uh ninety now
you can take yourself what you want, the highest percent is ninety percent
so i just thought it was hundred percent
so after ninety percent
i thought because he had this saying that s. i. m.
because they are rate on the bell curve, you are competing with the those who cannot make it to the government uni so i think their results my friends is all a.
without me, i have no lesson at 10:30. 10.30 i know for another survey for my intro to psychology we have this criteria we must meet like. we are going to go
it seems that there are ten survey want fulfil
he is actually help helping the final year students
they have to have a hypothesis like a test or something like that that
we are elective student, so they will call us year one students complete.
make a simple survey like this questionnaire
it is also easy to earn the ten percent then. yesterday, it seemed that it was not yesterday. yester yesterday, i went to do an about earth study i think they are true. cts you are doing on ear
then they talked about that the questionnaire is forty five minutes long then you will get two dollars on top of your credit for your course so
then i just donate and then i put all my two dollars in that bottle. after i felt that i was cheated because he had no money, everyone did not have donate. only me is me.
because many people are alone in that survey, i do n’t think it ’s a donate.
then if i wonder if there are only two dollars in total?
don't you need to donate?
there is normally, uh
if you are not doing that study credit, you are
if you go, it seems to be five dollars for thirty minute survey
they talk
so i have been forcing us to come and talk about it.
yes, so i have always come to sign up
just now, the professor was just two of them who lied to me and they said
then i was there and then i still have another hall participants right
they are also trying to canvass
yes, he has a friend. he is here for the second time. he asked me for the second time. i asked him, so did you find any handsome guy?shuai actually found that he seemed to lie to me. he said that he was actually like george clooney
so he looks like george clooney
then i thought i have this perception that it is talking to a company
then i think okay is okay, so i may hit a handsome guy when i wait for
then i just don’t want to talk to that boy because i feel strange and then i think i want to code switch
so i think it is very stress. i don't want to come later.
you also want you to decipher okay and wait for me to say a bit slower
that is, you want type to be much like subtitles
i really think my six dollars per hour is deceived
after that, he called me work two weeks extra i asked him to pay rise
there are really increase to butn dollars per hour
i think i listened to the job of people talking about personal assistant.
then he gave me six dollars
i really i think is the
yes, i heard that their work said that their like work is very relax. it wants that kind of c. p. f. board as long as you wear beauty and then sit there
uh, then i have a friend in c. in c. p.
then their joy in doing their work is to
seeing the name of the people like that kind of indian person, their names are very long, do not understand how to say, then they because they seem to be copy from the adobe shetobe something so cannit copy paste.
so they have been a different time trying to spell
then i was thinking about their job compare to my job, and their seven dollars per hour c. p. f.
too sad, now i really don’t want to see him as harsh to death now.
i don’t understand how he is survive and i think he is quite rich because personal assistant means that
i want to check his telephone bills is not only the school matte telephone bills
uh, he invest what stock
after that, the kind of helping him book golf court in malaysia asked me
then ask me to go to google. where is malaysia johor?
golf court is the most beautiful
that price is not tight
then help him rate
see that photo to help him rate, that star is like this
then i think uh at first, it was quite fun so because you feel that you have quite a lot of authority
uh, he then he seemed to listen to me colleague that he recently went to beijing to open one more
we wrapped it to we really wrapped the like for example
uh, do you want to accompany you to read a mother or you have to find a home that a rental place, so there are a lot of things. there are a lot of things. there are many things. there are many things. there are many things. there are many things. there are many things. o you can come with your mothermatch
there are many big business options, so there is a whole book
he has three such thick ring binder
that kind of receptionist calls
i think the job in an accounting is difficult to do because he is not the one what he said. uh
he has a lot of items
help people understand
uh, the work of scattered is that someone walks in i want to photocopy thenn, they are okay casually
because it is difficult to categorize at categorise into okay maybe this cost
then there is even more funny because he is very treacherous every time he is not charge different cost, and then uh, if you like it
uh, response not bad i want to increase the cost by one hundred dollars so. is his the price that he pays is different from other sothere is case where whereby.
then there are sue for what and sue for a lot of things all day
lawsuits all day then
then he sent the branch manager every time
uh, the lawsuit is to go to the kind of lawsuit
i don't think there should be lawyer to reply the what
so it also wants surrender i. c. that's why me
he is a ~ anyhow alocate one person to go down
if you are not pleading guilty, try to argu the case because he is small
sooner or later, a lot of court cases has to pour but
at that time, i forgot to help type letter
go to the tribunal court explaining, don’t understand anything
forgot his sue for what
it's different at each time because of the display
only i listen to only one fulfil's two year term
because he is also p. r. c. so now i think has a trend that all his employees are all p. r. c.
i think he take the ing tactic
because he pay teachers a lot
find me to see those full time workers right
two thousand close to two thousands of degree of
what science is a bit?
he is a bit of henpecked by mom syndrome and he is already in his forties. so, i asked him since.
he said that he will always complain that the job is very taxing very what very
he said that i i dare to not comed to job my mummy will scold me.
he will be very stress and then uh because of his because of him
because every time he calls, he will get it and talk about it
he is the kind of okay k. k. k. bom and then walked in
he is the kind of tensed up
i ca n’t speak over there.
otherwise, talk to those children
every time they tell me about one dollar bubble team
those things and wait for the whole day to buy chicken wing. do you want to eat?
then i told them uh, i don’t on diet
then every time he is very bad, he buys chicken wing, and then you do n’t know what you want to eat. do you want you to eat it? i ask you to eat him.
every time i tell me about new #lobang #
then i have okay okay. every time i lose weight, i have a weight loss plan.
then i found that i think i can't do that kind of okay, not admin, i want to talk to a person alone
it is not enough that this is that means, i am very talkative
i can also sit down alone and talk about things but but
i think the environment is really too much
he really he give me a lot of work until we have a to do list
he also has a to do list
help to care about the cheque book, he calls me
he talks about enter the amounts into excel or something
there will be a lot to project
there will be so much that after that week break, we will have a lot of sem break.
can't be rather hard to cope
there is reference book, but reference book
some things are a bit different from reference book
that is, if the reference book is related to what it seems to be like the us regulations.
assignment has recently there is a business law assignment
but the topics of that businesss law assignment are all
it's very difficult for business law, so there will be a little difficulty when doing it.
that case is, for example, one
it is a factory for making medicines and making medicines, uh pharmacy
there is a medicine that he gives him a medicine.
so that cancer will cause that the company cannot sell that drug, so he has a choice in this joint
if you can or not, uh, uh, uh, uperior
is the drug who is cancerous or there is no problem, so this is the first part of the first part of that question.
uh, can not have the problem of this cancerous at all, so that one
they asked them to say that okay was going to expand in this situation, so it expanded it to put his factory in every place
then, in the relatively backward country, third world countries and then when third world countries
uh, how many salary is needed at least, but usually there is no such problem in this third world countries, and then uh at third world countries
so the company has two presidents or two high -ranking employees. the first is c. e. o. the second is c. o. o. c. e. o. ons officer
the company's money and then uh
that operations says they want them to follow the local government's recommended level of salary
but uh financial
in this way, the company can make money and then after that company, he will talk about okay if
uh, the two of them had to meet the next day.
what do they want to explain in what the argument, then you have to write your uhgument
uh, then after listening to the two of them, you will choose which viewpoint
nothing, let's talk about their two arguments
write to write about their argument out and only write well, not write well, and then not write well, and then again
the right yard is a bit like g. p. then the third part is the third part of the corporate social responsibility
then uh, use those regulations and then back behind them
he two weeks ago gave it, but when he came out of this assignment
then another module will be assignment and then uh so
may
then the other one is out of quiz
it's one just this is one person
then these are relatively quiz quiz, there are relatively few
uh, most of this semester's module is calculated by calculations
uh, one is that a module is open book.
how to remember how to remember his accounts
there are accounting and business law, but in year one accounting, and business
baijusuo is working on different class and then lecture together
then there is tutorial that he will tell us those homework he has not given tutorial to homework
uh, it's not just business law or what
uh, you can say this time more time to noodles
one class only two hours tutorial and then two hours of the left is finished like this
in hall
i'm playing with those friends of my hall
rugby rugby
different american football has to wear that
then he propeated and his rules, his regulations, was a bit different.
that is, he is already out in that field that he is not in that field
then the opponent's team is that one person will throw the ball in and comes to surf
throw to catch that ball
then catch will be thrown to another friend and then run quickly
because they can only pass to the back, they first when they first arrived in the back of the people
so those in front of them are the ball, they are already on the opponent's sil like very close to the oponent
you can okay okay no problemm
this is r. u. g. rug
just use your use your leg
that ball is ball lost ball lost
his drop the ball drop is in front of it
so his ball drop is in front of him, if drop goes forward to drop, it will be
be sure to pass backward and then
it's the opponent's ball, which is considered ball lost
the right is ball lost ball lost
no need to rug, no one is the opponent, it is running
i don't know much about some cases his referee will call you rug
it's not that the person who lost the ball is that the one is my lost ball, which is the opponent's team.
when he fit that ball went in that rug, he stood behind him and the person in him would use his foot hook out
he took the ball and took the ball before pass pass, and he started to hit him as soon as he moved that ball.
they will suddenly bend aside and then weird, so if someone is inserted into the side of the side, it will be a foul.
even if he gets the ball, if he can see the referee, he will beep when he can see it.
he will be beep and then he may be lose that possession
losing that power to get the ball is the opponent's change change over
there are sevens with seven
a full team is fifteen people
it seems that ten did not play in fifteen, is
someone played seven
ten should be fifteen sorry
because we are in hall because there are fewer people, their rules are ten aside, or only ten people are playing
so there is nothing wrong with ten aside
your defense is panasonic.
that interniational should be fifteen people and then their defence and offense will be relatively tight, so each time you get the ball every time you get the ball, you will have a high probability that you will be tackle.
you just learned tackle a few times before going to train
because if you want a tackle one
no break rule is as long as you are not in the body you caught.
its not the next and above as long as you can catch it in shoulder
it is already rugby is already of the roughest game.
it seems that there is nothing about break rules in wrestling, just hitting that person directly, that person can fall down, that person can fall down
that's standing next to judge
if i don’t understand, i don’t understand that the real referee may be two or three, and then the one we plays the inter has games is only one
the situation did not see something because he had a person when he was tackle
if he was tackle and then he
there are a bunch of people who will go to him and then run and then be very messy, so if there are no referees, there are no two referee, it is difficult for them to see the real situation.
not yet like warm up, it is over, so the first game of our hall is to lose
because we have played without sweating, it is already game over
loat one nil because that person just started running directly like this
then one nil
then the next few games can not be like warm up warm up warm to us to play directly
so the next few games, it ’s best to win, but it’ s just that it ’s not just to semi.
then although they are not very good, they are also winning by one trial. one trial is five points.
then after trial, he can kick time a kick from his trial place
then he only won them because of that trial, only to win by one trial
that's a bit of rules and a bit low
uh elimination
his speech is very powerful
he will bring all the gusto in the family and then then
if people who do n’t do it usually do n’t want to be enthusiastic, they will be excited when they listen to them.
they will do and more than that
it's quite okay, it's quite a lot, can't be said to be quite a lot, but someone is playing
that is, uh significant number is just a part of someone who will play it
their performance
it's very bad, because one year, singapore rugby team is with australia no mauis*
let them let them go alone in player, singapore, let him go to the score by himself
if he has no score, the one
because it is not strong enough than those of the players in singapore
he is just grab's feet
so the singapore rugby team
you can tackle people, you are very cool, it can mean that because i used to play basketball, you usually play basketball when you play basketball. they usually noted in office
you hit his hand is free
you lay up, he lay up, he hit you, you did not go to that place before he ran to that place
you are also free
so he is so you can defense when you do it at the discens in basketball.
can't be said to calm it completely because your defense can cover his ball
most of them are covered
it's all right, just hitting or encountering a shooting hand, it is free, and then forel.
so even if he miss's lay up is still, it is comparison
then he is at rugby. if you see that person, you want score, you can pull that person directly down
he just can't score, you also know that he can't score
so you are also very happy, and when you want score, that person will pull you down, you can
in short, as long as it does not seem to be upfront comparison
did not take ball
can't tackle
only tackle can be injured if everyone is overwhelmed
because you are in english and english because you are in english and english
they will have a lot of different words that are encoded words
uh, classical is
it seems to be uh because in this inter hall games comparison
more hall participates whether they are first years or ercond years, and the entire team may only have a few. so
uh, their strategy is usually those team who can play more
there are more experienced players
the one who can run and is placed in front of front because it is usually relatively large in front
so it placed on them one rub
it's blind size.
he is score because defense cannot be catch up at all
therefore
the situation is this kind of strategy. many hall uses this strategy to win
that person talks about that code word about a few people understand because
it can be seen that their row is because their strategy will not be too much
but if i seem to be watching the scene, their strategy is
but rugby is a very exciting game
it’s not that it doesn’t stimulate like basketball just say that rugby is
is if you kill your enmy you will die
this seems to be given an example. if you are in basketball
everyone happened when everyone was fighting out, but at rugby, a person hit it alone and twisted to the resistance of okay okay.
you play the game without being injured
when i first played, i couldn't brace impact brace impact, as if you were running when you were running
even if people take your tackle down, you will not be hurt greatly. you just hit it.
as soon as they hit you, you do not have guard, you will be hit by you without guard.
because when doing backs, there are only two or two situations that will happen
if you are in a game be you will be participating only in two signification, the first is when the
no matter what, he must grab that person and grab him that he can't catch his body. he can't run. if you can't run, you can go. slide and grab him like this.
the second is uh, when you passed it to you when you were for you when you were
there are only two things that happen that you have to run hard to run run like you are running for your life. it seems that someone must kill you
it's just like hitting a car, but if you want to go in, the more you want to gain, the better.
usually when you want crash, cra
if it seems that when it is passed
out of his ball out of grab from inside
so uh, most of them are usually the majority of people who see his opponent's ball out of him.
he seems to be team mates team members, they will run in and just crash
then there is another situation, uh, he was tackle, he couldn't move forward
but he can still walk, he can continue to fall, he may continue to grab his shoulder or shoulders or waist or what, but he can continue to run
but you ca n’t run, so you can only go, so more people will more opponents come to him like this way
his friend’s shoulders on his waist and pushed him with him
then push his through yes push him forward, otherwise sometimes you will see a group of people who are larger
they just seem to be push
it is often to play by brainpower, but in a rugby game
very complicated is very complicated because your brain will be messy because you get the ball as soon as you get the ball
there are only two things in your heart that is either. i have me that i seem to be taking a piece of gold. everyone has to take everyone.
just then uh, when you run, for forwards, they only have two choices or backs
the first is run
then forwards is the second one is crash
then back is the one who takes them and they take them before
what is pass or what is done because backs has a relatively different play backs usually because it is relatively small, so uh, they seem to play like those loops
your opponent thinks you think you will pass you to your right side, so his player is one -on -one
uh, the person in that pass, he will pop that ball pop, it seems to be just a bounce, and the ball bombs in the air
we did not go to semi finals, we only went to quarter finals
let's see the teams in quarter finals
this year their grouping
uh, there will be a lot of groupings on the side
two pool
then a pool is all
because by right, the grouping should be fair's right right, but this year's hall
so it seems that quarter finals has only one grouping that group
then the team of the grouping team had already known the results after the fight
it seems that i already know that result in quarter finals
those teams on the other side will not be strong at all
but all seeded seeded team are all very strong and strong
their physical is very big
isn't it like that kind of fat?
they are very good at running and hitting those people because their entire team seems to be the school players who had previously represented the school
then hall three hall three, they do not know where to pull many, many elites from every year
there are more year two year three
our hall six's team for rugby has only one year two years
other year one
then another year two, he is not so much likely to live in hall
then all the remaining year one
think about me like this, but hall three will continue to pull people in
because i have a friend, he played basketball basketball
yes, but he didn't live in hall, so i am also my hal every time i come here and we play basketball together every time
then suddenly a person who had a hall three called him and told him
i pay your squater* fee, then i will pay these, but you will help us play basketball next year
i just want their hall to pay that student
help the squater* fee who helps him, then let him play basketball
so that should get a lot of people because few hall will do this
a inter hall game
a basketball of the inter hall game in a game
or a. v. p squater* this can not have i. v. p. you can't seem to be more than two squaters* in a game
this is pretty fair
but this year female basketball
there is a squater* of i. v. p. p. p. p.
she is female's female woman
she is at another hall's players in another hall.
he is congo, he is very young, and he is very young.
immigration to canada, because his father is a doctor, he becomes because you are a person who is the professional
although they are his dad or professional, he has been engaged in his father for ten years before he immigrated to canada in canada
he said that he also wanted to be a doctor and wanted to be a doctor.
he is very friendly. he is very friendly. he is very clean.
then there is a person who is a czech republic
the person of europe and then he is not very good in english.
one seven eight should then he is funny, he is very cute, then he is very cute
it's as if he said what we don't understand what czech doesn't understand what to say
what are they talking about?
so after they use the wooden, they will change to it
my computer desk over there
the two of his two were pretty clean before we went to another one when we first arrived
one is the professor who is in charge of this exchange student
his name is michael, he takes us to go
that rubbish must not say anything like this, you can't say this
so even if a sem goes, they will be happy to come to my home because my home is because my home
it's very clean because the canadian of that conadian is very clean
his mother is also very clean.
all white entire kitchen is white and he said
it's like there is no chair in the dining table.
then the washbasin was that basin, he just
then he goes to the toilet to do it, strange that basin
then i just look at the small trash can in that toilet. many tissue each time
i just wiped the basin, he is very clean, he is very clean
he will be very dust very sensitive to such a child
because in fact, we have read a theory that is probably like this.
i am very happy to go to the new country for half a year. this is very powerful and very powerful. he seems to be very different from malaysia.
a graph like a graph, he is very famous forory
there are no chinese food there after there are very few fruit after that
then then strawberry
just after the fruit is very expensive and not very fresh, after
now it seems that i think those of western people seem to be
because they were all when we went to his food court on the first day of the first day
it seems that all are k. f. c. burger king
many of their own fast food are all fast food
can't have to cook it ourselves, we will buy food every time, and before the cooked spaghetti before
i am very difficult to catch what they said because i can’t hear their slang
i don’t understand the relationship with slang.
his background is speak english
simple words, but you are unknown, what is it?
i have made a lot of local friends, the kind of buddy has come out several times like this
they learn english to learn from foreigners, so their slang is the kind of english.
a good lectuerr will talk about slow
after that, i slowly caught this child
it seems that the teacher asked a question lecturer asking a question
as soon as i asked, someone raised my hand to talk about the answer or talked about his own opinion out
soon our teacher finished asking.
someone raised their hands and told them about them.
i don’t know if it is the question of language or what or what our education becomes so dull.
but before we asked, we asked those lecturer to say
actually writing a report
it is said, but they are writing grammar.
they love to play with a lot of clubbing parth
just talk about you, you are not easy to fail, you have to go to class and then
it's like because he is actually divided into thirty babian, 40 babian, final is also three or thirty basai, so it will not be easy for you.
they are like that kind of pass is fine
it seems that the culture on our side is going to read university for four years for almost three years.
it's best not to extend not to be extend that they can't get them.
that kind seems to be okay, i am studying for two years, i really want to travel now
then when i was reading, i did part-time and then i took that money to travel a sem
then you can go to travel when you are young
they will compare they also have that kind of m. c. q. but
look at the lectuerr some lecturer, he compares
they are relatively different lecturer. they will seem like
he only has nothing in the book of lecture class
that kind of essay, then
and the lecturer side is very experience.
it seems to be graduated. h. d. i will teach and teach here to teach and teach to be research. they are
many part-time's lectuerr is like a workmanship
that school seems to be admin.
he used to have an experience in what company he has done him to teach him
so they will give us a lot of companies outside example.
so it's very different from here. here is just following that slide.
working in malaysia may be okay, but i think in m. n. c. that kind
i think our train does not seem to speak
they have their own opinion and then
now i ca n’t talk about it now.
they have me, i think we really do n’t have a (a train to the school, but now it seems that
it seems that my friend course mate seems that we are all very active.
it seems that there are some course mate.
it seems that there is no more commonly not to social
then i met a friend when i was convo before
at that time, we rehearsal and then i met him.
then he had to get that golden key or something, and then he said
she has a good grade. she is a woman every time she is a boy
just each time i was top, and then she wanted her to say that she said that she took golden key, i would like to say congratulations and congratulations.
then he talked about okay okay and then that day he said jingyi. i don’t want to go.
he rarely goes out, just study at home every day, and then it seems that when we take the final exam
she is now dell finance dell finance
i don’t know, but his contract has a higher salary than he i heard.
but i don’t know if he gets golden key if there is any money or what kind of child is it?
when i was a young age, i went to indonesia
at that time, i went to indonesia because
my dad is doing in indonesia because my dad is doing
the work of the board factory in the board factory is like supervisor
then malaysia is a few board factories and then he will
he has been doing there for many years in indonesia for many years
we go to that place in fact, is kalimantan very good?
i seem to be like jakarta. i actually don’t know that jakarta seems to be k. l. such a child
at that time, i asked my friend jakarta.
then i thought it would not be like i went to kalimantan before i before i went to kalimantan
the rupiah is not very tall thousands, and then it is equivalent to a dollar here. i was very funny at that time. i just
it's strange that we buy something and go to supermarket to buy things after buying those things
just give money and then he does not have cashier and then he will then he will
then he came from that cashier over him and us
i usually see that machine is not a grid and a grid.
my english name is jazreel
when one does part time
work in agilent technology
it is one of
in fact, agilent used to be from originated from h. p.
then so far has done it in that company there for six years.
do customer service
the order entry of japan is responsible
in our team, there are create quotations order entry and order management
sales
then when we were at work
we use oracle system to come to our daily task
then work in agilent
why do i stay over there for six years? because i think i have been working there very flexi ~ yes
no need to do clock in clock out at work before
now the entire team should be
i can say that someone is interrupt. you just want to capture. words okay
does your voice have record?
before i started, i did quotations
after doing it for more than a year, my boss told me that jazreel i need your help to another team
just do the order entry
at that time, i told him that there is no problem with okay. do you want me to go to help which team?
then go to help like this
it is the support order entry
at that time, there were a few people in the past when we passed in the past
several customer service exec together
then after a long time, job role changed a little bit
then the boss just put my kep in that order entry team
maybe he thinks i am more suitable for lead some junior
we are all because we are not direct facing customer so
their customer usually plays place p. o.
give f. e. field engineer
doing the same thing every day is book order
in my personal person, some people may like it because you don't need too many people.
because basically you only need to have a computer with oracle system, you can work
if it ’s just like this, i think it’ s a bit stuffy
it's just that as a leader may have to spend a little bit of thought to think about how to see the lead
then how to apply the target set by management
it is as a leader's role included, so i think it can make me continue to continue to serve in this company
sometimes you have a leader. sometimes you face others with you
i don’t know so far. i don’t have any really to ask the people in team
people will also feel why the boss chose you to do leader instead of others
everyone’s capability is not the same as performance in all aspects
then do leader, you want the people in team able to follow your install
you want the instructions and at the same time, you want the following people to be able to follow.
what is letter is my job
still leader and then
actually, i have nothing to do with me to do it.
your japanese's proficience level is low
of course, we have a studio that other is other school.
it seems that if architecture, they have the studio of architecture, it seems that it seems that building is right or wrong.
it is one hundred percent counse work without final exam and five unit
that is what i builting is everything design slab course work.
now that i have already done it and do it to do the assignment, sometimes i have to go out.
now i have done almost four assignment.
it is also very commonly divided into many three or four lecturer. a studio has different processes that they have different processes
why are we h. b. p. will it be very busy sometimes
because he is same group same group with me sometimes. when he has that meeting
when they went to interview
it becomes him that is at the side of school.
because mosts are group group, this course work becomes more troublesome
sometimes they will have our own table because we have our own studio in studio.
it seems that architecture will be better. they each student will have a drawing drawing drawing table.
uh, each one has a studio and each table will have a port below.
usually they rarely go back to this hostel to sleep
because it is really catching them architecture, the advantage of our non non design is that most of us are doing report
they architecture is more difficult. they seem to be a design
and use computer to draw or technical with your hands, because you really eat time as if you draw a structure plan, you can eat time.
and sometimes lecturer sometimes take a look at it when you look at it
so sometimes my friends will be very sad
you and you can see it really in h. b.
the lamp is not turned off, and there is no control, but twenty four hours has been walking like this, and dean also told us that we do not want to spend the night in studio
it's not good because h. ~ uh our school is also a relatively far place
that uh library two library two is a little more remote and remote.
we have our own studio that studio is talking about studio.
their register seems to be able to get their own course, so you can use them to elective
elective must be taken as if 20 units are elective 20 united elective core countes are 75 basic things
that is the consider in university course or in option.
we h. b. p. i usually compare the comparison
it's a friend who is more than we want to learn japanese or other language.
we usually use those courses as if they can try to get out of these courto as this is like this
ah should be school of # ilmu # # pendi ~ # # ilmu # # pendidikan # not # ilmu #
ah technical
it is permanent critics.
as far as they are senior, senior will teach us that these things are using these course because it is easier to pass ~ it is easy to pass and don't have to be because they-
because this course will be relatively large in this lecturer hall, no one knows even if you don't go
our school does not have this offer and this option is that other school will take us
we are dean who have asked us before, and he said that he said that we can take other school or seem to seem
previously, there was a senior.
it should be called -i don't remember the calculating thing is
but it depends more on what you want to see if you want to calculate the calculation
you can take or ask my brother and my brother before i can also talk about it.
these basic minor or elective option seems
it will be easier to look at depends to see that when we are usually busy, we will take as much as possible
course that is easier to pass is because our course work is really many course works.
the words of this course are not because i really have this interest. i really have this interest.
friends, some of them will regret it because they can't get the course they want
it seems that we usually h. b.
just q. s. with architecture architecture, many people want to go in architecture
and if you read it for three years, you are just degree of science. we are degree of science.
if you really want to read degree of architecture
when you are in your grad, you have been read for five years. when you are grad, you have degree of architecture, but it is just degree
it seems that if you take the other major, you read for two years or one year, you are already a master
it should be my before u. s. m. when it became apex university
the last battle is
compare the c. g. p. a.
they are all high real almost four paint o. really every everything
so the result i came in at the time was not very okay or i was s ~ through s. p. p. physic physics science stream
my average's result is b
because we will seem to have a direct junior of direct
a senior will take care of a direct senior. it seems that we will have our own direct senior.
of course, we have an orientation that we have been. our chinese are our own chinese.
the organization of their malays also has their own organization that we say that it is underground or illegal is that their malays will also have their senior to take care of their junior.
our chinese also have a bungalow stay before.
uh penang over the side of northam penang
we will be interacted, just like communication to communicate with them, so when we ask them when we ask them
their result all quite nice is four points zero three point eight three point nine
so they will always come to bother with us.
some people have entered h. b. p. some junior will find us senior just say that they are very stressed
and if they do junior, they do their homework and are very afraid that it seems to be scared of lecturer.
at first, we said that we really do n’t make maybe we have a few senior.
it's discuss, but it is said that maybe is probably result
no seem to go to commonical to others to participate in others because they may be at home every day
only when you really have a time assure, you will do that assignment.
go to play like yesterday, we have b. b. q. on my side # desa # # air # # mas # 我们 去 去 a friend's birthday
some of them are going to pay today and do not understand that this project is my house mate.
just go back and rush back. for us h. b. p.
many people over there, many people over there, each over there is a project last minute
it's really a good school. it seems that a subject seems to be good at reading this housing or building, but the only one because we can do model
that is, he is not his first first
those students are all all those who are all who fill them out there. you want to come out.
it is like medium is not like high class as if plaza ivory is more high class.
just ask you to find that plan out of whise.
go to other floor other floor again and ask you to ask you to come down. this is really angry when you are faint. angry really
our sketch bubble diagram is like this part. this is our more to this site
he will be critic, our this idea will say this idea.
speaking of them seems to have no quality, so they sometimes have to reverse us like this
of course, my group's project we have combine or residential area in the middle
in the middle of sorry in front of us, we have a park like the park.
uh, i'm cassandra
it's hard to have people in the then clever already
i think there is no physics like easier to study
that crime's i go at all
in the middle of the night, there is no time to read then to read structure
reading until until, my elective also read half of the i just give up like
i want to take s. u.
because mine is that he wants s. u. u. take m. c. c. for envi process
i think it is a waste of time for but very
she has read for the course but then during exam go at all
that because her to standy for more semester but impossible, don't you have for more semester, how do you clear?
even if you read the special semester, you are just clear elective, just you can't clean
i am another senior. he is also retain
i think core very wasted
like other people is a waste of time for but i want like
because i want to take m. c. then, i will ask
those who can bring cheat sheet in
because i am really squeeze envi process
it's very similar to know, because his syllables changes every year
there is a cousin who has graduated
tube then coil to show color
there is a large compressor
no one passed by because of just really just sit there
some really do until very nice they got all the box
that teacher stood at the center of that hall
we are not our because of the one upstairs in exam hall
he stood there just stand down there just said say what award award
without me, just stand there, just, just talk about the words.
for because nothing much to build
just because i thought i couldn't worry about it, i didn't think of the real jam jam jam all the way
what do i see open house and competition
that man is in our envi
isn't it a part?
he just split
very similar to microsoft word
he said that he would say this alone when he came here
we just have some come to and come to and watch
just a few a few professors just come and see see see, then after that
i saw some really bring one solar panel
there is a bring the who solar panel
he said that it is borrow, and some ideas are very increasored
he told us leave the poster behind for that external moderation
it is a very dull, a vest then, there is something in hang over there
in fact, there is only one of all poly j. c.
you just like that change very not professional
that is the pretentation the that propessor very venry because he is only thin thin
today, because he wants end one week earlier
no one takes
he has always talked about perceive what people perceive about what is this
i didn't go to for that, so i need to take another one again
because i was thinking because of the third year right attachment then i was afraid that the attachment would be end lab
um, not enough to read for that envi process
because he is many readings, his cramp
i am very stupid i shoulder really. after choosing elective in the future, it really depends on it.
what is he label
really then like to write the kind of essay
like what i choose now is sociology, i want to read a lot of that kind
a lot of the love
just who can't finish reading, many of him wants you right.
i have never thought about taking language
because i used to take language then now
what does his oral ask you like where do you live
he won't be the term in malay
is h. b. what is this?
but i think very like learning this kinduage very much
it's hard to like you cannot really understand because you are learning a very formal
you want to really use with, you will become very popular
compared with normal connection, if not is very formal, it is strange
but special semester will not be very # chiong # like yeah take to language but
mine, i haven't read just to read
but i think it is okay's notes
i deliberately chose a course
i'm thinking about the business of computer engineering
it should not be busy
i think engineering should be okay and ask questions
in this way, i have seen past year paper
some asked me again, i thought it was okay can handle
i don't have clear business. i am a put it as under u. e.
i was thinking that year three should
i have a friend in that envi, and he is also his time
uh, he and his friend take business law but they forgot to put it as p. e. they put under u. e.
but swimming's stuff can not go to then, i just
just tell her to see trekking then, saying that i am going to then she
you are rare to go to a place, what are you of course you must go and try?
which week
this week
but
for the reason for driving
i think immediate fail immediately told you fail i i i i
i would rather right like you
he tells you about you immediated furn, you will just drive with no mood
i think something is deducted by must give hi give
what are you immied transportation failure
is he also fail?
but if you if you
you can't pass line
after reading it, he will have some gaps like this
it's not allowed to then i know how to see
that uncle is very
eight o'clock very # sian # like every sunday eight o'clock the eight o'clock i got up early in the morning and sat there
at that time, i went home and what
because he wants to drive back, he goes home, the then after that loads me like this
she didn't learn at that time, she didn't learn
i asked her your t. p. not june third
but she is also a pretty pack of her
i think she is also a bit of off. at that time, she asked me and told me
she talks about you got the # kepap # thing right thenen.
i am thinking of you rather do other thing
without her, she is also show. she is very internet in it
i was thinking about keep thinking at that time
because you know i hear from a senior they keep saying right really envi engineering no future, i think my future very bleak is not as promising.
he just talked about where there is a kind like a professor.
he said that he was very powerful.
he said that he was very powerful.
he is very well during the first lesson.
many people immediaately change change to another another class
his people are just that he speaks very sarcastic
he has been talking about envi engineering
what if you take minor in environmental engineering never mind but you cannot take
i just want yeah work
because i want to be sales
to me, go to because
you didn't go to cycling at that time
i heard that it is postpone
she is very like messing things
what do she talk about i dream of?
she told her emo then so, she just wrote like this
you have to ask me what is the question ok ok right now i am actually giving chinese tuition so ya so i am actually taught chinese tuition tuition
it is really difficult to teach so actually this is my first time time,
it's pretty good so i thought.
in the end i mean is not in the end, i am still working hard
his chinese in english is not good.
so all they read in chinese pinyin to translate, they don’t know how to write, but they are very good in chinese pinyin.
because they do n’t need a dictionary now, you understand that we used to use dictionary right right, they now have electronic device
just call an electronic dictionary so right? just type in that chinese pinyin, it can help it appear that chinese characters
u ok graduate i may want to be apply for, in fact my dream ambition is to be a like
our school actually has provide, this summer research
give us to participate, so in this holiday, we can go to uh and some professors to be their research program to them
their research then i have participated in y. o. g.
it's a year to you
you haven't entered uni ok yet
the dream of the dream of so graduation trip is like the dream of becaue finally you can put download
it is an exchange program pair
go there and play there and play it. genting is right
and the farthest country i have been to china is the one in china
will i go to overseas exchange? yes definitely
there are many kinds of food food i like to eat
for because i think their dishes are very special
there are a lot of many
i have any hobbies
i actually go to mediacorp to act
not bad, who has a dialogue with ok interim actor so
some are just standing there without a speech, but i have a speech, so pay is higher. then i will go down again. i will go down again. i will go down again.
then he gives you three uh, a small paragraph, scenes so, you will be it out
i participated in actually i only filmed once. at that time, then the second time, so the last time i played the longevity drama is not a longevity drama or when we are together
then i have to cut my hair and take off my clothes so that pay will be higher
because our play is in army
then what we want to act is that we play the recruits.
uh, there is no one that is short when crew cut
what do you want to learn any other things ok
just a large group but
sometimes i still like to hear that kind of music and melody
are you from c.o.
what is performing arts dance then maybe you can consider to join dance
live in hall a month of one hundred six months
nothing is standard rate
one hundred six for a month is more expensive if you want to add a refrigerator.
you want to declace
it's really fun for the hall
no one cares about you when you are going to study or what is it or something
compared with the food in canteen or in the campus and outside restaurant ok can b right
then, of course, outside restaurant will be better because there are more varieties what, right?
do you have any questions to ask me? i think these questions are very boring
come on interview me, right?
it's a buddhist missionary school
it's like being unfamiliar, so i think middle school will have a long time that kindship
middle school i am from geylang methodist and east side.
it's good to sing, but sometimes it is good to listen
there is no participate
you want i mean you must have faith in your religion
why do i choose chemistry
because i came from a biochemisistry background. i may be more conservative. i don’t want to go to venture into.
i have talked about sign bond anymore.
teacher i mind bebing a teacher is my enjoy team.
it's hard to uh, sometimes it is difficult to translate english into chinese because he is very weak in chinese, so sometimes he asks you in english. you want to explain to him what the content of chinese characters is still those textbook or what
you must slowly slow
he did exercises, but i am quite stress because all his family speak english, so i rarely practice chinese chinese.
if there is no product results, you will know this and that
because this mic can be like news anchor
otherwise, you interview you, i will ask
are you now holiday?
just took result so you are applying for n. u. u. u. s. or s. u.
because there are many students, in fact, they are option to go private uni one thing is that. you can read part time course the at the same time.
right experience likes a.
there is something that it not applicable to i read now
not bad ok where are you living close to it? so # choa-chu-kang # area
my former police's urled base is in #choa-chu-kang #
his name is alex, he has now flew to shanghai, and he was done as his indertier attachment
then i got up the next day and asked him why you sleep on the table. he told me
so just because you understand that uni has a points system, you want to participate in enough activities in hall plus your distance points.
in fact, one room can only live in two people, so i am the third person
but bigger's then pays less money
but for boys with no bed for sleeping on the ground should be ok
i entered hall six, i participated in the hall production which is also known as hexis
it looks like the kind of thing in growing up
so uh, every wednesday has a practise session then
because my song bank is not very big, i can learn a lot of new popular songs.
it's really nice, then you can learn from others
singing skill ya
we are doing canvassing so this is part of our canvassing event
by the end
we go to malaysia to actually go for a hike
we also have the kind of campsite then, they have waterfall
so i really like this kind of thing actually i like this
many things are still looking for a thing that i am really good at you see
then so far, i see if it is sportsmen, really good at sports if it is a cultural people really good at culture
because i have been seeing the kind of piano right.
if you want to tell me, i really like at something
i am also a pageant in hall thirteen.
yes, the experience is also so i really participated in a lot of things, but i just participated.
to but actually i secondary school
just go on behalf of the school to participate in the kind of story telling competition
yes cross talk i used to be cross talk
do you know what cross talk is?
you have also talked about the right news school so no ~ not in really in a c. c. a ya but to do this
just participating is back to participation
because you see, i have done something about cultural
what is w.s.c.?
i don’t understand if you think without your batch without this c. i. p. points
i heard that there seems to be no, you don't need work for the points already
that is, the school has the like overseas.
not all the schools have such things
twenty -three hasn't had a birthday yet, so 22 ok
there is a lot of money because of my batch
just w.s.c. club tap w. s. c. club. i might participate in v. h. visually handicapped.
the former roomie alex he was in it so i might be join him
some can play p.s.p.
you can also tell you this you can feel what, they are already familiar with
for them, they can really be able to picture ya then. they can also s.m.s.
you can also follow you m.s.n.
you can also check with you check website because there is a program right whereby, you open that browser.
you are brave, i dare not wait for him to take the knife hello
actually, i'm afraid i don't like cockroaches and lizard
there are many hall six its like, you have lizard wherever you go
in addition to the room although, they can also run in
but i mean, don't get me, i am ok
will it drop the tail for ok lizard?
the cockroaches are directly hit.
it's ok to die very well
our living environment is not like b. m. t.
um, more of like indeidual life right reduction has reduced a lot
because police usually feels very # seng-lang #
for the butlet like, my course manager told us that police and army different balls of games onenot compare in a way
we also have our own difficulties and our own advantage and disadvantage army.
uh, we do not have field training but for my course because we are office,
just alex
there are quite a lot of malay because of police. there will still be some differences in i know what do you call that
that kind of segment different cliques
we have our own toilet two four people shares a toilet
when you get up, run and run, run outside either, do you understand the cemetera?
still running myself for ten laps, so after that is singing the national anthem
after eating breakfast, go back and take a break and rest.
after lunch, after lunch, there may be next lesson cause we have a lot of lessons going on
why you will get up it eventually-ten months every day
that is to say, the kind of police neighbourod watch is the kind of police neighbourod watch.
if you have events
because you know if you are in elementary school, they have ordered this magazine
uh, every star wants you to think about the new story every month to write
yes, it is quite interesting
you do n’t need to go out if you do n’t need to get in office
uh, you are not going to bring real gun when office is in operation
hurry up, you want prompt i amtion
are you in the new campus or the old campus
i don't understand the nurses that they talk about this time.
really, i thought has a high school that is quite powerful
in fact, you can go to sign up for n. i.
but that bond does not mean long like four years
maybe a. level goes directly in and six
because my friend is reading and then he will just grow up
what is helfhcare?
then he is now working in hospital
just like this, show you the right
in fact, initially is zhikai who has been forced to come over
what do he talk about? i am internet
he is so powerful, i don’t understand that he has so many words.
fifteen pieces are actually for one hour, and fifteen pieces should be counted as ok market price
if you go to h. s. s. uh, he paying half an house for four bucks, just ask you to drink water and ask you to fill in a survey.
i need to say a lot of words, so i think fifteen yuan is just right
what are you taught by you?
isn't it p. c. m.
this kinds of parents
temp staff like this
i don’t understand that the school will change so much money. i can work in school as well.
uh, there will be no topic.
love song is like that li shengjie is still the kind of uh
who is ya michael-bour ya or um
are you interested in this because there is a peter-chen today
seven o'clock at l. t. twenty seven
because my friend is c. a. c. club so did he give me this tickets which i think
and it's not easy, thermal dy
so maths is so cool
i don’t understand no wonder, but if i don’t read it, i do n’t read the history. i ’m going to read it.
just read right
i remember when i used to one when i learned it, i had learned it.
to i mind i mean
how much is fifteen
is there a quiz?
it's not easy to quiz is good in a way it to help you read
otherwise, you will not go to the so but you can also put your grades double
like everyone will be mug
is a. t.
your professor seems to be too
really ok good
right, so one of the things is even actually this tie back to.
but at that time it was because it was because of those anime very good looks like this
maybe there is no special hobby like this, so it is quite into it, so
going to japan or maybe and japan's workmanship is a pretty fresh and pretty.
it is not very enjoy. their world is wrong with # kibishi # that is the relationship between the up and down and it is very serious.
what is going on and sleeping is to rest so that, maybe i can work like this, so is a chicken and egg's question is like this
but if totally to take out the work and i look at now
putting a lot of time and energy to balance my work and my life so -called life means that i have time to cooperate with and
uh, so in your own life, it may be very small
very ordinary, in fact, now that you ask about it it, sometimes we see that i go back too much. they will also ask what is your personal hobby.
i am not writing about myself, i found out that i found that i am now that i wrote about it.
doing these ordinary things is to go to tesco check to see this price, so go to jusco and look at this cheaper, so these are the personal interest. i don't know.
that's the other one i wrote again, the time picture for blog, so
this is his internet, but he needs a lot of photos and then he takes a very poor photo what is this is fundamentally outrageous to help him take a picture again
therefore
it seems that there is no one without myself, and i think what i want to do by myself, and i think if there is it, i may want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
a little more exercise and more exercise and more back to work. sometimes i really have a hard time.
make yourself not just mentally tired equity physically, you also tired and then sweat.
so uh, uh, i don't actually have any time for personal interest.
one by one.
you can live comfortably make sure in terms of travel you know, you have some transportation, if you live
it's not that i don't have clothes and clothes, but she goes to shopping all day long as long as you wear warmly.
if you eat it if you eat it, you are not so picky and there is nothing. in fact, i ’m very complain. i’ m quite direct. it ’s not delicious. i’ m not delicious.
however, i want to eat a meal. lavish is more like environment seems to eat his atmosphere. you can eat thirty dollars.
you can just hurt yourself to go to a better restaurant. after eating such a thing, you have to feel that you are rewarding instead of calling.
very positive is let go and and enjoy you know as we can so. even if it will be very expensive and expensive.
do it well, think about what i want, so okay i think
really test the first -level japanese japnese j. l. t. t. japanese language efficience test
very embarrassing to say is.
isn't it because maybe has # miwako #? so everyday ordinary conversation can pick up a lot, but i am at the stage whereby. i can no longer improve it.
i don’t know if it’s not the exam. it seems that it seems to be an explanation for myself. i think it ’s a long time. so
far yelling is not the level one and this year is the last year, so if it can
so when i complete my project, i told me what i want to do. now i think of a book, so when we go to travel
i found out that i haven't read the kind of fun for a long time, and then it take me about one month to finish the book also but but
maybe my own english is reach at this stage, so i believe i have read a book.
my english will be in terms of vocabular. i will be more colorful with gama.
all will feel very good, so you give me a copy of if i can, i will read a few more books, i feel that i have to read a few books
it's not academically but in terms of just leisure reading pleasure you know for pleasure is something that i would i can do more.
go to the download drama so that on the day latest japanese, can sit down and watch with her
look at it and look at the news of maybe to see n. h. k.
uh, some of the technical things are relatively small. now many are actually there, but it seems that i don’t know how to do it.
uh, i think, uh because in such an era, we will have an internet of the internet
you go out and run out like this to go around to use a treadmill in your home with you at home.
i think i said it and no one believes that my favorite horror movie
at that time, i was alone at home, the heavy rain then, my alem is not in so, i am alone.
there are four boys who sit in that four wheel drive into the village. actually, they seem to go to vacation.
they throw her into the sea of the sea, and no one is discover because if there is nothing wrong, he said that village girl seems to be an orphaan.
in the end, i was going to turn the sound after the sound. the more i sit, the more i sit away from that television’s distance, the farther, the more you sit and sit until the end i have sat in my.
i think handphone, i think i can’t live with hand handphone
now i think the functions of handphone's most basic are
it seems like arrange those appointment meeting kinds of functions
you can give you the functions of some notes
i think if i can p. a. phone will be better
i read the story book i have read the story book mostly is english english story
i think what i see will be compared with pessimistic
it's all very sad
most of my story book is like this
of course i also watch those things magazine
but i feel that magazine is not environmentally friendly
so i usually go to starbucks coffee bean or go to salon when i look at it
a book called the unwanted daughter
because she auntie is a woman with a very open-minded
at that time, her real dream started because of her stepmother torture
i can see her the moral of the story is every time you
it's just if she didn't insist at the beginning, she went to her to get journalism. she took writing
in fact, she thought about giving up halfway, but she didn't stick to it in the end, so she was an author today.
but the way she write can really take you into that story
women who are so poisonous can like a little girl like this
her childhood
you can tell you that adeline is here to come from a very rich and powerful family
but it's because her stepmother can not let her eat
or call because they have taken the trishaw in the previous class
she can prevent her from taking trishaw. she asked her to go to school
so in fact, she is really a very pitiful then when she get into trouble even, her own brother and sister do not help her because they feel that they can say
you are the unslucky person, we should not help you
if you do n’t do it because you mother will not die
and that book seems to be very beautiful from children story
what i remember most about her is how she spent that time in that convent school
at that time, she said i want to become an author
do you know?
many of them are mostly rich ladies convent school so is a girl school
at that time, her stepmother asked her
she is also reluctant to pay for pay for her lunch fees
why does her stepmother who has no lethality?
she left her family
at that time, she felt that she finally said that she finally went to a bit of freedom.
at that time, she was already living in the united states with her right thing to be in her pass away
if there is nothing wrong, it seems if it was if at that time
a person who seems to be from other countries died in your home
her stepmother would not even let her go to death, she would harm her like this
introduce myself that i am junfeng read n. t. u. mass cm
year two this year
those who are more interested are those who need to do it with hand that are more hand-on.
taking video and the like do not look like
the commercial course seems to be uh, i have the tanor in entrepreneurship school offer.
when i was in holiday, he would have lessons
it's like a week like clear three a. u.
it seems to teach you how to do business and teach you accessing to teach you things like things
chess is that before i came to college before, when i was in poly, i represented the school on behalf of the school
choa-chu-kang, caiyu port, i have been to
there is no singapore side that seems to be shopping center shopping center. there are every m r. t. there is a room like then-point like jurong-point.
it doesn't say that there is nothing that is, just like whether you have rush hour, it may be fast and slow, it is almost five to five to a minute.
my brother is reading poly
more is office
because i used to read it for four years, but i want to be accelerate myself
then there will be more minor with holiday, so there will be a little bit more
because you have a holiday, it seems to go to the last sem december to take a test.
it seems that it seems that the last semester is right to the last semester, he has three weeks
then last recess week is right right right?
just one worship all worship is to pay five. he wants to do simulation at school. it is more fierce like business
it is also three a. u. then the last course he is four a. u. then wants you to do some business is the business of real life
you are busy this year, you are busy for a year, better than, you are busy, you are busy, how much you seem to be like three or four years
you reduce your tuition for a year, you will be relatively small
it should be to do that kind of film.
usually you have to start with assistant director
some of the kinds of the same, you will slowly, you will
these t. v. program seems to be study about these things in our course, but i usually look at these programs ourselves.
compared to those who have the more exciting types of fighting, otherwise you will sleep or you will sleep.
now more jackie chan jackie chan is compared
what do you do, this is for what
if they speak, then inside, there will be that word type like like
but now there are not many kinds of program that can seem like translate these texts.
without now, there does not seem to have such a software
you are also n. u.'s final year project
so you are under masters
still you are p. h. d. graduated
it's officearly as researcher
just watch after yah
there is no taiwan in singapore's chinese drama. okay, you can see that this kind of thing you know. i think singapore is copying people. it ’s like a lot of programs. many of the shows are like copy.guess that kind of then he is copy
enough is exempting. this then i first year is turned into first semester then icond year.
singapore tv chinese radio channel eight channel five channel u.
there may be some may be malay malay channel indian channel.
there is no possibility that they have those tvs of school, but you have to go to take their course, you want to pay back the money
so you will still feel that you will feel n. u. n. u. s. these will be more practical
compare the recipise like this
the kind of superstar is absolutely superstar
that is, tv stations are looking for such star -like acting, so basically the current actors and their skills are not what is what is what is the current actor.
very very fake the one they play
so the difference is there is like this
that is, he may still have adversement like a public relations
there is also research communications research.
it's not like this because we use our research to make a phone call
it's just you sit over there and it will give you a survey and then you will go
play a lot of different family numbers ah household number.
it seems to be given a long survey, you have to ask all the questions.
you will ask one by one to ask many people, you will hit them, they will
if you reject you, they will say that there is no time i know, you will feel very fraustrated
some survey about filial piety parents is
it's not very clear, don't remember it, it seems like you think filial piety parents do, then do you think
because sometimes they suddenly have news, you have to interview.
there should be two thousand outs, but it usually goes to journalism because it is not for money for their own hobbies and interests.
our theory is more general theory.
then your uanguage skills want to strengthen these grammers.
just those reports you will write a real report, so he will give you a topic then, you go to find someone to your own interview
it is day day in middle school primary school secondary school j. c. they are all public holiday
but if it is not closed at university and poly, so ask some poly student, they feel
it should be given to them why holiday
but because the teacher is the teacher, it feels that there is no need to be on poly, because it's all big adults
just interview a few students and then write a report to the teacher because our report is not very long.
there are only three hundred and fifty words, so not very long then to write so much is
recently, writ about world cup
because singapore is crazy about it, but i haven't got that broadcasting right yet, singtel and starhub
there is no rights to show then, the deadline is about to then, as if asking those who will watch football, what are they?
if you can't do whatever, you can say that if you do n’t really, you will go to the internet to see if you do n’t
that is e. p. l.
eu english premier league
it's not that world cup is different from different versions
did i know it or it seems that i was injured by a tackle fall and i was injured.
this is inevitable that this kind of social injury is not a big deal, but because he is the kind of famous star, which is very famous
because there is nothing, he just can't play for england
if you do n’t go to the other, you may be uncomative but.
singapore and singapore are those players from foreign countries
so if you want to be strong, it is not that yah is a good buying talent just to see fun
there is no way to buy talents. no one. singapore to win anything is actually not just buying talents in singapore.
the last time i went abroad was to go to australia because i went to be a soldier.
just running in a car in the forest just because we are the headquarters, we run around, the office of the office in the forest, and then we are.
when you go in, it is a b. m. t. then you go to milital training
then after basic, it will look at your degree to see your i. p. p. t. test. if you i. p. p. t.
if your fitness level is good, then you will be sent to see if you want to be taken to you if you want to do it.
if you are not hanging things, you will go to your unit and then you will have the way.
in june and september, i read that you read poly or read j. c.
if you are reading poly, you will be in march
in the religious relationship, the whole family is a buddhism, uh buddhist
therefore
the kind of fried eggs with that kind of fried eggs are relatively simple. okay is more complicated and may not be so familiar.
that is, compassionate things, then, feel that they are just okay, but there is nothing special.
fortunately, singapore, in fact, the singapore government has some allowed some allowed some m edisave c. p. f.
then there will be those freshmen freshmen in july.
it's the young olympic games
go abroad in september to e-schange
fortunately, i am more than your life. plan doesn’t want to seem
it is not possible to start snow snow in september september and september.
you also have accommodation insurance.
there should be arrange over there
they should have pick up us
that is to say, there is no script
it doesn't seem to seem to say how i want to talk about what he wants to say when he is halfway.
uh, try a good one at a time
actually, i have been in penang for several years.
the smaller one looks like software house
just one or two hours every day, then then after that, i am
each sem is not very cheap. about 400 yuan. at that time, a sem
because at that time, the department of mine was comparison
more old’s department then they have to turn around. uh, use another software, the department it wants the entire close, it is close
continue reading because i want further my p. h. d. so uh, come back u. s. m. find lecturer like this
no because i was minor before, i took minor that course was management
uh, he said that field, i don’t seem to like it very much that he is based on matrix
that kind of print and then x-ray
it should be, not before i came back, i did n’t find him, but i found another lecturer, do you know that dr. cheah?
i don’t understand this floor, but the other room dr. cheah
i found him, i want to do that kind of knowledge knowledge management
he has too much student. then he recommended. let me find dr. tan then after that.
in fact, i have started to have dr. tan when i was in 10 years, but then i was at that time
because i am the company, the company contractract basid contract base
say uh, he asked for a close there, i needed someone because i was comparing at that time. i was an experience for a year.
because the people over there are only one newcomer left, do not want to continue, that person, he asked me if i want to go back to do it
then then, i will ask dr. tan, he said okay is no problem if you
if gu gu, then, then i go back and do it
he owed me at that time for a year for about half a year or one year's but after that.
he wants to rush to a full project and ask for the entire department.
just rush to rush to march 9th, so he close
the entire department close, then i will be time master here i will register
because at that time, i did not have the master of register
do you say language
in fact, i think he still has a lot of improve space
many changes are uh, you can get to different things at different field.
actually, each field has a field, but it should be said, but for language is more okay because many, many people do different things for different things
he did not say main ~ mainly must for a thing like this
it seems that image processing said, uh, you mainly for print, you have to focus on print
i research now i am mainly on malay's malay's pronunciation dictionary
because for temporary is not a very complete
if you can say uh, if you can, there is a systems
uh, actually dr. tan has him who gives me a few choice, so he explained to me
you can learn more about this one like this
uh i think uh, that process, the progress is very slow. uh, i don’t know
i think it seems like i read the master and work with me
the living habits are completely different totally different
but for master study is not
how to read books is just for myself to read. if you go to work, i think the workmanship is still hard. in addition to doing your own things, what do you want?
actually, when i graduated, i thought of continue, but my friends have been
tell me to say uh, don’t master is a waste of time
he said that we diedree came out and had been out
uh, and you go to the work of those company
can't consider, you are degree or master's
the work money is the same, it is based on your experience
to so and wait for me to think about thinking
also right, i continued to find a job to find it
uh, it ’s more suitable for me.
i continued to study like this, and i was influenced by my sister because my sister also read p. h. d.
i think p. h. d.'s future comparison
how to say you can do lectuerr or you still have to have more choices. i think
right, but she is in engineering campus
opposite me to live on the opposite side of supertanker supertanker
its minum is probably the one year but you for research
one year and a half or two years, because maximum is a year, because maximum is a year, because they have it because they have
they have course
in fact, if they are accept, your whole project so can graduate for mixed mode is different.
you complete full course seems to be like our debtingergrad.
and they also have exam fees and what tuition fees
it's not of course its salary is not very high.
for you living expenses, so for mixed mode
it seems to be like a full time full time, you have to finish reading
you can do this part-time, you can see if your lecturer will give some part-time, you do this
no fixed time
uh, in fact, monday to fric
ipoh ulum is more comparison with compare with penananananang
the name is read, to to see to open up to the nature to the sky to the
however, becau of we must have a balance in an era of an internet. it is to go back to a era without internet.
go to make sure, we can find each other of each of our promise is the communication style one by one
okay, ieet, you will be bad if you are not there.
he can't see the world without internet.
of course, you believe in the era and this era.
that's why we can sit down and discuss without the internet internet over internet.
theoretically, the let us talk all of the point with expecting internet is not enough to be like this, not what they once had an experience
i am very happy to be very happy, i yes
no no
uh, a lot of some typical some question is raise
these are the next one will be i mean. if you just ask me, i will think of some confern issues and butre
it's pretty convenient to buy here, so i don’t need to say that i want to go to online
right, right and right and now traffic or you know
everything is developed in the world, you can see some import export.
i think it do does not make sense for for people.
this is future, so this is not the future here, so this is something that i think make sense
right right, so online banking is being but that linking on online bank
there is no topic okay. i don’t know who is a rules but since. i found it.
go to the travel but travel is very good very nice yeah but the money right it can be spent somet else
uh, you can go to lecturer to say okay, you will go to you for your partner.
there is no big ups and downs. this may be that i can be very good.
it ’s at the end of the day. i’ m can be resolve. these privem obstacle is good, so is not really an obstacle to me it is like the time we can work we can work out work. it out together so
uh, there is nothing very special obstacle saying that i can't be available for maybe and it is not an obstacle it is all experiences it is maybe i am just being a positive guy but
so in general, about six or eight o'clock, everyone is so that is to turn off the lights and then the entire neighborhood will be very dark.
so thus this one of the biggest difference that i see and they will be very friendly, they will say hello to you.
we still have a lot to be able to be able to do better.
so at that time, i also felt quite resistant to malaysia and why there are many improvements a lot
there are poor places. and before it is it is it is the act is actual after you expose to a more advance developed country then you come back you can seere if if not you thoou ink that whatver
yes, this is a very good place. back you come back, we have a train, we have us and have bus but we can't
maybe we sometimes have an excellent absolute advantage advantage because we have a good weather
our weather allows us to be very easy to just take a motor to go out there where we are going. this is something that can be owned by some foreign countries in four seasons.
that is, in the winter you can't do a motor, you will look at you to look to deth alright so you know
regardless of our transportation, efficient is good. as long as one day he cannot replace the somthing as easy as a bike motor bike or as cheap cost efficient as a bike
all then install payment, you can be afford so, you don’t need to sit on a public transportation, white first of all in malaysia
if you are in japan and japan, you don’t need to have a car at all
no one will say that you have a car to take you to go there, what is going to go to see the movie all
without what we said here, they are that super bike is the kind of super rich people just sit down.
i am a student of business and accountance
including ah, we have learned ah cost accounting financial accounting. that's ah
the plan is on the module of the oh acounting.
then there is that uh investments that is how to make financial management investment, and now there is now that i am about the previous one.
is it really okay?
i am a, i am a have some investments.
it is some stocks that are relatively small in market capital
so it seems to be a popular erm popular before it seems to be the genting international genting international
genting international is one of the what i one of the stock that i invested in i invested by one of my investment
then recently i am also watching some of others, some more um, amount affontable stocks
for example, uh n. o. l. it is a marine trading industry company.
the main thing is that this is what i do. neptune oriental oreint lines
it is our first one who is a large -scale large -scale.
of course, we uh this course.
one is um, how can we study how we study the company, the basic of their financial ratios and how the functionals of the company, so the company's performance in the past few years, the hechorical data in the past few years, so we are so in the past few years.ah, use him to measure to pre -budget him.
from over there, we will use a method called relative evaluation
it is of any of the range higher range or lower range
uh, this honestly says i am not very much so um because we are mainly what he taught us is more um more
we don’t have anything like factor in those things like market situations
these uh factors are also very important, but i think i think
the main thing that is related to numbers is mainly airlines
but that is under technical analysis, right? because that is, it depends on the trend of our market.
well, we will look at these past ten years historial data, and then we will
his maybe his investment rate and the like, so we will from there
use a angle of comparing mathematical by a call of a call
then we will say what we will say that we will measure his current present value. this stock should be about how much money is worth it. compared with the current price of the market, it depends on his um. the current price is overvalued.or undervalued, so depending on whether we are suitable
is a course of under business school
is it more active compared to singapore's market because of our actually we market and their volume is relatively small
the influence of many, many external factors, of course, maybe his market may be said to be more affected by other countries maybe like hong kong or china maybe hong kong or china
some of them borrowed money the cost of the count of debt
genting international genting internationals
it is a one i think that it is a one without the stock that process itblef yet.
hmm, in other words, because he has just opened the market now? uh, he just opened the city to open the city it just started the operation and maybe in a few months ago.
the one who just opened the resorts world sentosa in singapore
that casino casino is that is
this stock is based on this uh resorts world sentosa casino, so
he is listed in malaysia, malaysia, malaysia, so i listed in malaysia, so i see that his performance is separated.
so in the short term, i don't think there will be too much growth. we have to look at their maybe this year performance or maybe the quarterly performance. it is estimated that he will see how he will have how many of the market will move. of course, of course, of course
because it is a tource of tourist attraction
if you will fully recover, we then in that case. i think um
yes, right to enter the casino okay? i should see this aspect
uh, as for ah malaysia, singaporeans have been going up and this time singapore ’s own casino independently opened, so i mainly look at his market that is targeting will be artth ear asian and asian and will open one more golden sand.
on that marina bay
that will belong to the other one of the other a differen class of customers thay are targeting more of those business people who are professionals casee. in addition to the casinos, there are some conference rooms in that area, so they are two.
these two casinos their main customers will be of different target groups
singapore will be similar to macao's more it will be more similar like in malaysia and macau, so i think there will be some competition in this regard. there will be some competition will be will be some competition and it eveyone will be affatured i guesss.
go to correct, okay, it means that there will be things such as fake news.
um, on the one hand, what we have learned now what we are learning now is more of value the true value of the stock and not looking at the market value means we are analyzing his stock.
what is the real price? so if it is out of this range or is too much out of this range then, we may know that it may be a polar point that can be said.discuss just now
too optimistic a too optimistic an approach, so if we look at it here, we may compare with reserve.
we won't pay too much attention to these messages, but the main we must have a um, estimation of what the range of the value of the stock show to and from there, we should be "market
in the end, it is a um, an expection or is just a a a surreal look real growth of the company itself
this company is actually uh these news, in fact, analysis analysts released
for it will depends on his fundamental, like what we said, some of him is like whether they can borrow money with low interest on the low interest. ble and then
can they use these? capital to actually turnover
their future growth prospects whether will they have some investment?
basically, these will compare will be things that we will be taking into considitive.
one of them is basically to focus on many aspects of different aspects.
its analysis is that actually is a very clear very detailed analysis
some of the financial data and figures can provide us
some of those companies' own annual reports
then there are some other data sources maybe.
our extensions of our own evaluations
then get one from one of our minds that it is the right price, right, right?
um, many internet companies are all listed on the market.
this is not the case compared to ten years ago. so in addition to looking at the data of the past, of course, we must see how we will be the market is actualy moving in the future.
for example, ah we mentioned a factor just now, the research and development
so they may be better in their growth prospects
compared
it is not just that this company also depends on the trend of the world. it seems that we said, for example, the d. v. d. d. maybe now we are now moving towards blue-ray?
in these respects, we can see that everyone may use in the past three or five years to use blue ray, so if these companies, he actually puts too much to invest in r. and d.
will expect, he will have some harvests to reap the benefits of research and dueopement
of course, you have to have to be the forest of this fire if you have to go to be the forest of this fire.
is it right? sottvantage will lie and then, another one is to see how much of your company your company. in fact, the market capital of the company if it is a big company, if we say umsung
it is one of our largest l. e. d. one of the manufacturers, so he has no these um's ability to from them.
um, of course, the results will be more than some small companies.
so we can also see from this aspect of how many aspects of how many are how many ways.
compared with courses
another subject i have been on is what i just said, international finance finance management
and from this we can understand why these um, the exchange rate will change, and we can also learn something from me from this course.
can you continue?
the government will take some measures of the government might actually step in to actually bring those currency back
why does the main purpose give him floating?
don't let some of our export and import too much affected
i think it is more complicated
stock investment stocks trading is to absorb some experience from it
i am still young, so i my investment policies will belong to more aggressive a little bit
so um, the main investment will not be a lot, but his fluactuations will be relatively large.
but as far as me, i meshael, i will let him let me put it too much on his gains and losses.
investor, we will have an investment horizon that is said how many long we want to put the money within the stock so
i am about a year, so unless there is too much more movement, otherwise, i be actually adjusting the portfolio itseel
then slowly start back to us before we were almost two thousand, almost three thousand, so the level before 3,000, so i think from this aspect
that is to say, as long as we have time, we can have time, this stock will return to a place he should have been at a place at a place where the original place is suitable posity
straits index the index straits time index
there are some periods between the right between?
yeah, the main is that the actualness travel house is between nine to five
in fact, you have to open to open an account should be quite easy
but we have to go down his security firm itset to actually open an account an account
then he will give us an online account, we set up an online account
then you can do our trading from the well
if you first open some hukou, we have to go to that one of his exchanges or it seems to say something else.
for example, if we are locally, we have d. s. security vickers phillip security c. i. m. b. c. b. c.
then there are some differences between them, which means that they may be relatively low.
your first 50 transactions are things like free, so their individual security firl will have different allowances different incentives trading cost
well, it is a fixed cost that is to say that it is not depends on your transaction volume
so this is why you have a large transaction volume, then you will save you the main transaction of you.
okay was closed so early
that's right, we didn't seem to say that after the market is closed
so taiwan is the same okay okay. hello, my name is nelson. this year, my second -year student is nanyang business school.what is the topic talked today so
it's okay, it's good for why they want want want us to speak differently.
because if you are used to it in chinese and english, if you come to communicate, you can communicate. w you actuallythe sentence structure is different so
usually in private, we speak to our our
or it will still be unable to control the most of the time we will tend to have some english among chinese.
one translation of that term
so uh, even at the beginning of the kindergarten, yah we will talk mainly in english in chinese impression should be in the small one when it is young
our mother tongue so -called uther tongue is
we um, chinese or maybe, maybe we have been in chinese,
it is a single one, one class, a lesson, a class is focus on dedicated to teaching of the chinese language itself
it's not as i said because i was brought up in a chinese family, it was actually difficult to be when i first started studying.
how to communicate with english in english. so we
after that, i will compare because i use chinese at home and then learn how to use english at school, so so it helps me to balance?
because after after the after primary school, i basically took the school in china in china, so i went back to china, so i went back and then went back.
basically, in fact, the design of the course is not much difference.it's more accustomed to communicating in chinese
or it means that when you are activating extra -curricular activities, some coaches will compare the chinese how to say that more chinese educated, so they usually teach some extra -curricular activities to communicate more in chinese
um, basically this may be that there may be, in the middle of huazhong, there may be more attention to some of the chinese culture some of the chinese culture more focused.maybe there is no attention in this regard. maybe they will focus on maybe orchestra orchestra band
one of the first two junior colleges belongs
a junior college that chinese school pays more attention to chinese, but in recent years, focus has been more or less diluted so both are actually focusing on the same or less the information the influice of the diffeter. ent culture is not so much is not so obviousright
so uh, there will be these two differences, but in terms of education, more or less make too much of the difference
it's as if we were so i was from hwa chong and some of our lecturers from the middle of china. bethere is no difference, it seems that there are some traditional and other traditional our schools seem to have celebrations. for example, some of the mid -autumn festival
compared with the traditional chinese festival whereas, i think uffles may not have
one of our chinese traditions is right to me next gift and next week, so um is not necessarily enough for each every family will be going down the say day
now it's all the cremated yah cauer we are lack of space in singapore so. if we are buried
um is internship
the process of applying is actually quite simple because i saw this the school will have attracts the career service section is chinese.
then they will, if they have some related opportunities, they will also put that uh, uh, uh, uh
it's not website or tell us the webmail of our n. t. u.
it's submit our resume cover letter
then they will help us as opportunities and don't necessarily need to find themselves, that is, they will help us to provide some channels of the county
that's it, but in recent years, the school has helped students find some of the schools recently, so how do you say that because of the economic downturn, there is a relatively few opportunities. there are relatively few opportunities. there are relatively few opportunities. there are relatively few opportunities. ybe the internshipcompany are not as not as good as before
going to the apply yourself may be more organic, you will go in some parts that are more more president.
okay, okay, my department is my current
the upcoming department is to make maybe on credit risks
for example, there are actually some rules in this industry. there are actually some rules that are mainly to understand the department that helps this department to understand. if it is some companies with some asset management, some of them need to pay attention to what some of the regulations.and re key regulations for the asset management company
this is the title of my assignment
and i don't know what to do. i don't know the have to wait until i go to the group and i guess i willstand more about what i am support to do.
i want me to have something to do with business law or company law
and when i was during my interview they actview they actified asked me when i actually learnt business law or not so, i think what i learned should be sent in handy.
yes, there are quite a lot as if the students who are waiting to enter the university will be part -time there is to say that the before i actually enter to uni i also worked at raffles place for quite a while
almost close to year end so so so many people need many people to prepare for the statements for the end of the year
it will seem that some tax rates seems to have some incentives that may say that there are things that do not need to pay tax in the first five years.
now i'm not very clear about whether the this policy still has in existance, but then uh
in addition to tax rates
that is, political stability is quite stable to our politics, so it is mainly a good thing for these foreign investment banks.
because we know that southeast asia is just ah, it can be said that it is almost to be in a rising area, so uh if singapore singapore is more one of the more deverted countries within this region
therefore, there is an advantage in singapore because it may be more developed than those in the surrounding countries and the facilities are relatively complete, so it will attract some foreign investors. here, it seems that it seems that it is stationed in set up a base here.so that can actior work, their service,
then britain may have barclay capital
germany has deutsche bank credit swiss u. b. s. without actually, it means that there are many important banks that are more important.
the influence of the united states in terms of power will be relatively large before the united states. now that the united states, this economic crisis may be more or less
for example, i just said capital and deutsche bank
it's not clear that i still have goldman sachs goldman sachs.
well, i don’t know but i have a large amount of cash that will be exchanged for a lot of cash and then go there
take the bank over the bank over there. of course, if you use visa, you can do so.
to that is the main hindering hindering factor
i don’t know this, but in accordance with the convention, i think it should not be because the first point is the currency will be different.
it is said that we use our account here to use dollars, singapore, and then use us dollars for u. s. so it may not be so easy to remit through
in singapore, it is not possible to open the actually of foreign account. i have tried it. but they mean that they can open some of them as if they say that some large institutions can be opened.
it may be that you may get there to go from the set up in vienna a account up.
yes, do you need declare?
really, i will have preference treatment cheque, so what do you say cheque okay
in this way, if it is the european countries, is it the same if you can use cheque
yeah should go to see because i actually changed two thousand yuan yesterday because i was just changed because the current exchange rate is quite favourant.
yeah, in recent months, it has fallen.
some measures have been launched to actually bail grandes of this crisis
if it seems that we check on the internet, the act actual exchange rate should be about eight 88
however, the exchange rate we usually see on the internet should not be exchanged for such a good price. i go to the money exchange and the currency exchange dealer to change the bank.not good right
of course, their advantages are pretty that when they buy them, they will sell them very low, they will sell higher the spread will be much larger than the one that the money changers have.
yes, there are a lot of money changers around as if i went to raffles-place yesterday
he only has more than a dozen buildings alone, so his competition is quite fierce
different different money changers may have some advantages on different foreign exchange currency currencies, as if it may be that a. money changer will be better in the us dollar and then b. perhaps his rmb will be better.see the goods and walk around and walk around and see the best, then exchange it with that one
therefore, you must not have time to read it after doing it.
well, it's not bad because this semester is quite lucky because the exam schedule itset is quite separated, as if there is almost three days of time in between the diffrent mo papers so, it should be prepared to cope with it.come
mainly, the distribution of this is usually the same as the same is the same. there are some small and more moved rights on this uhdribution.
there are a lot of time for this business and accountance.
because different draws, they will have the designated material
those like reference books, so it is inevitable that you need to do some reading from there.
some of me who had a lot of me before before i passed from seniors
that is to say, some of them will buy first hand and then they will
if they have used continuously, if they do not need, then they will pass it download
so this is good for both parties. i think that because in the end, we may not need to have a new book because it may be found on the fifty sixty dollars, so it ’s quite expensive. if it is a four subjects, it’ s almost two hundred or three hundred.
so most of the time i will try to see whther my seniors will have like the reference materials like maybe get the second hand third hand hand book unless his editions have some more movementif there is no way, i can use seniors last semester to pass some books. some books are quite good. i feel so.
well, it may be possible to change the things they pay attention to at different semesters.
so do it, mainly to take a look at how the questions are bebing phrate, then i think it ’s more important.it's more peace of mind. this is my personal preference
it will make me compare with prepared for the paper itself
different uh papers are probably between these two range
some structured questions will need to use these umculations. of course, it is also possible that some multiple-choice questions
it's just ah, take some of our main theory base to see us know some.
it is theory and calculations and the like
if you can really learn a lot, you will focus on that project itself because of project. you have to consider many different factors.
i will learn a lot from it, so i really learn that project itset right the pain
when you finish the project, the paper should look more relaxed.
it is nearer to the deadline maybe one month before then we will start busy and finally drive out.
for some, it is not necessarily something, but you have no way to do it, and you have to know it by yourself before you can do it.
because i have an elective, that elective does not need to do project
everything else needs to be done, so it's quite hard, but some have done it, so the last one left is the last one that is now that i am going to finish this week.
how many pages do not specify, otherwise some may mean that it may be about twenty pages
it's right, sometimes they don't like it very much that we can write too much.
hmm is mainly because i am able to clear more couises there
it's because this in-step is the main one of our school in our school
a event for this um of scheme, so instep i. n. s. t. e. p. p. p.
it is the international students exchange programme. one of the umrs of our main communication is that one of our students will go to the other country and go to the other country.
this um's activity actually and their partner universities are actually quite a lot like it seems that europe has a umia.
rare compare rare a little right and then uh
if you choose the main thing, it is mainly depends on how i see the how many count.
uh we uh n. t. u.
um, i don’t necessarily look at it. well, it means o. some subjects of the host university
看他们教的东西跟我们学校的课程是不是大概是一样的如果是差不多可能eighty to ninety percent similar then 他们就可以嗯match 就是说in the sense in the sense matcn so we take the course in the host university 然后we don't have to go to take this class course when we come back
i hope to go to european countries because i think this is a rare opportunity to stay on europe for about half a year and then go to tour's entire europe, right?
then uh, so i chose europe and then see which countries are compared with clerses.
you can clear to almost may be clear seven modules in one semester
i heard that i heard that i don’t know much about it, but i hope to clear almost five to six should be enough
then vienna's life the living standards is cause is in vienna in eastern europe.
well, i heard that countries like sweden, denmark and sweden, may be the expenses much much higher also norway.
well, go to europe
but it seems that my friend is now in italy now in the netherlands and then when they go to play in europe, and then they will pass vienna and they will tell me that this place is good.things like restaurant
for cann go can go there, this is a considerable consideration a huge
so probably i am ready to go to these places. maybe people who will respond in these places will have the other expenses of course you have to for out your yourself already we
if not wrong, they should be in english and it should be okay and quite like
however, if we go there, if there is nothing wrong, you need to go to a basic german course. basically, you might learn some teachings. how to communicate some commonly used languages should be helpful to our stay there.
however, i also heard that it seems that what we learn. when you ask, when they answered, you do n’t understand what they are talking about you be able to undertand what they are trying to say.
i heard that german is a pretty difficult german itset yes
that is the french pair of french is.
almost when you are on september late august to seplletmber, you should fly over
because that course will actually starts in october, you can go to travele first before you start in october
at that time n. t. u.'s new semester will start, so there should be no time travele, so it should be to go to travele first.
the school did not say that there was any subsidy, that is, it is compared to say that we pay us as usual without paying the tuition fees on that side. n. u. u.
however, there are some financial assistance.
if you really need it, then there are things like scholarships
well, if it is scholarships, there may be a bit of impact. but if it is financial assistance scheme
tsato rejection as you
when i first started to apply for this instep programme, you need some criteria
just like your grade, your g. a. you must be more than 36 or more.
you need you, you also need to give them your priority, like you because we can choose the five subjects and five universities, so i can have to see the priority and they will decide from it.
of course, if you have a good grade, it will take advantage. this is the first consideration of a cutoff. the second one is match course whether you can match the courses.one of the university
but in the end it discovered its courses, it cannot be matched to some countes so
there is no way to go, otherwise you just have no great sense if you go because you go because you have some courts, so you have to give up and then choose another more.be
then wait for host university
then we have to book a ticket to set up accommodation and other things from it to the time, and then be busy. now i am busy finishing the application stage. now i am waiting for their reply.
they will have residence dormitries within the school itset
most schools will have heard that vienna is pretty good compared to us n. t. u.
uh, i don’t know well, but i heard that uh uropean
of course, it is almost five months and about five months. of course, you have to look at your travele to see what your own consumption to buy what to eat, but i heard that some places are really expensive. it ’s quite expensive.switzerland they cook to eat because eating out will be very exitensive and they usually cook in their room
i will bring a lot of luggage, so listen to them that they say that they seem to choose some airlines and see if they have some exces exceess luggage base.of
um, if you want to add to that luggage, you will have an additional cost.
i think i think it is word that effect to actually prepare for this who program
where are you going? where is the united states? georgia tech is to singapore. n. u. it is quite a lot of people to go to georgia tech and it is not easy to enter.
there are the united states, so it is the engineering but.
how can it be okay
it is to travel out of atlanda to actlanda and go to other places
of course, i see that some of my friends taken are quite beautiful. the place is quite beautiful.
so when you are in america, you also have the travel
will it be that canada or mexico and the like are willica itself and their domestic flight is expensive?
fortunately, i heard that the europe with europe itself is actually quite cheap. it seems that ten euros may have it. if it is lucky, it seems good to be good
recently, a budget travel went to vietnam, vietnam vietnam
maybe you may go with some friends with me before going to vienna. it may be a few days before, and it is possible that the four five days only was quite cheap at the time.then i decided okay go within two hours, so i went to the air ticket, so i will go at a time in august
um, it should be quite easy to be closer to a little closer.
at that time, i took the budget to almost three or four hundred yuan. well, i took a budget travel when i last went to hong kong for the last time i went to hong kong.
i went from singapore to more than 400 yuan from singapore to taiwan. i went to taiwan for more than 500 yuan. it ’s right to take catha more than 500 yuan, but at that time, there may be promotion or what i may have.multi -piece so i think it ’s almost 500 yuan than budget budget at that time, so it’ s almost the same. so it ’s more comfortable to choose cathay.
then hui ling said that she didn't know what to do, and then she thought about whether to go to k. l. but
she thought to go to k. l. it's troublesome because her mother
i don’t understand k. l.
the thought of going to k. l. # sei # is just again
i didn’t because my boyfriend worked, and then i just went to meet. they all suddenly
everyone has everyone's planning seems to be
because wu zong followed her because of this reason
it's just that lijun will feel so um, i'm not very willing
then when he and her propose
she said that she is very safe. he and her propose, but
let's talk about them wu zong from miri
that day, propose was not just talking about it. it's just that li jun talked about not romantic.
in fact, his ring is ordinary. i don’t know what brand.
there is a cert and then protruding such a capsule
i am okay is like this
i am also very busy
many people are poor at clear leave without leave
take the unpaid leave for three days
can't be carry forward or money cannot be exchanged for money
and we can't even get half day leave
then we take leave, not like you, you can take the leave today.
then if not, he is even if you are
ah, see if you look at it, it seems that if you are after lunch, you can leave
it's really outrageous before lunch, even if you one day
our emergecent leave is important to us, do you know?
because it will affect our profit sharing
there is a grade, then i am a grade four
then grade four has one
one five months
it's her dinner, her woman's dinner, i can go to worship for five nights
so i went back on the same day, do you know? i will return it after eating dinner. fortunately
then go back to 12 o'clock and then the next day. she can't go on the day she got married
i do n’t have flexible. it seems that li jun, she may not be able to work that day on january 2 on january 2, i can’t go.
i don’t know if anyone is willing to change with me because i can’t on leave.
it is because on january 1 is public holiday again
it's just that they are basic very little
and it ’s hard to climb.
but it ’s hard to say. look at guochun. he also has a share share to open the tuition center
it's just that he is not the kind of very large and very systematic.
in fact, he actually had a room in tambun.
it’s not a new one to bend to queensbay.
that seems to be freehold
isn’t the new one who is close to the sea at the same size of the same size?
we have try, i don’t understand, but that is with that.
it is not there that there are always semi-d. or bungalow semi-d.
what is the name of that?
it's not just that this is n.-park, for example, this is n.-park. this is u. s. there is not a crossroads here. u. s. m.
what is the name of this building here?
do you know how to get in?
his budget should be two or three hundred thousand
do you do it, you can also minus two point two percent
uh my english name is zinc yen
i am here n. t. u.
i am an undergraduate computer engineering i have read it for four years. i just graduate last year
i used to singapore polytechnic
before i read diploma in electronic computer and communication engineering ok then i am in n. u.
i have no minor
i like computer graphics the most
why because i like computer games very much, i play a lot of games
without our project yet, we only started last year.
it can be said that this is a artificial intelligence
the commonly used software is adobe adobe creative suite most mainly as adobe photoshop
i usually learn from internet
usually, i ’m shooting event, which is very much like a friend’ s birthday graduation or some parties. some of the scenes like me who shoot some landscapes like singapore river botanic garden and other places.
i want to go to european country
which country is very similar to france britain netherlands or eastern europe. i think it's pretty beautiful.
special attractions, i don’t have to take any special one. some of them are those ~ i ~ iconic spots
so everyone will see those eiffel towers when they go to france. except those who want to see some scenery in the suburbs to shoot some of the suburbs
however, usually the suburbs are that every country is different because the scenery in the suburbs is different, so i want to take a look at the scenery of the scenery in the suburbs. britain should have many palace palaces.
i use nikon nikon's dforty x lens eighteen to two hundred m. m. m.
why does nikon i think his lighting is very good
i have been to new zealand, i have been to a very beautiful country in new zealand
it is its capital is auckland no wellington sorry, what is new zealand many sheep everywhere is sheep a lot of sheep
they are all i think is mainly is dair dairy products
for i think is no actually, it should be queenstown.
at that time, i didn't have time to sit because i had to sit for arrange internal flight to shaw islands, so i was just an explore the north islands.
it's much like one month or two weeks and two weeks ago, you have to book
and his bus is very similar to one night in the evening
the boat does not take coach to sit on coach is bus bus
because new zealand is not like singapore, where is where you go?
when i was there, i went to the visitor center of new zealand to be there where that person can help us.
there is a visitor center with singapore. it seems that there is one in the changi airport.
i don’t understand if he will help us book. i don’t have try
if you are there, it is very similar to normal price
most of the internet is cheaper because there are discount
actually, i didn't seem to have those budget airline before i was going to go.
there are also some relatively large city like melbourne sydney. i think there is a good place for him.
may not have the main play i want to go go
this kind of office, which does not go to search normally
what special is in singapore is actually the place where the singapore river area is compared with some historial buildings like those supreme court city hall.
you can be barbecue should be considered beach, and sentosa sentosa should be counted as beach. beach i haven't played anything specially.
is there any that is hong-kong, without singapore, i did n’t have heard of underwater.
where is the area where i have taken a picture outside?
otherwise, it is difficult for you to catch that focus when it is flying
human model model, i haven't taken the model without taking the model
see news
it should be comedy funny
i don't like hong-kong's comedy
i don't think it's funny comedy i think's western western country
the play of those jap ~ japanese is not comedy japanese's play is also good.
in fact, i have eaten a lot of western food. those who are more special.
how to count the special is that he cooks until one thing is that he is different sauce.
it seems that normal we go to those canteen or everything is chicken chop chicken cutlet
he was sold differently from different company
a brand
no singaporean made by singaporean
but your order deliver compared to it becape one for one
actually i forgot that i don’t remember all the names i eat hawaiian
some of them are beef who don’t understand what is beef spicy and many of them have cheese don’t understand. there are many strange.
i don't know if i know it is singapore. i don't think canada has
it was done by a name i think
it seems that they are all thin now.
some of the hawker center food court usually eat some of them in school.
where is the hawker center is hawker center, which is not delicious
this is a bit good like newton. i heard that it is good and there is a hawker center of holland village
those are background.
usually hawker center hawker center is in h. d. b.
the more famous hawker center is not his stall is individual that he told him that he was sold by sub sub tender
he is just right to him. the place i think.
the others are sub sub tender for other people to sell right
you will pay attention to what you see if it doesn't matter if you have nothing to do with me.
because immigration at that time, i have to find some of the more well area is that is better to develop. what the government is doing is doing what the government is doing, and it is much like where the government want to inverts their money insome are
one is to see malaysia news
if you are planning to continue doing research, you may be that the majority will be overwhelmed. you should find some job like more academic like teaching. i seem to read a master. i can go
yes, yeah has me to run from
there are some stadium that is not usually commonly added with jurong west near here.
however, if you want book, people ask for money, right and money, and you want advanced not to understand a week, because many people want book
i like to read a book. i listen to me. i will read some of the technical books. some of the books seem to have those books.
if you take the photos in a few years, there are put inside the photo thenen.
do you think it is good or you put the internet's unable not back. you can't shoot the same
he will be different by camera model
do you want to do some adjustment
because camera, he has some like you see that you are taking him as his exposure is on the spot is what you take. you are ok.
however, internet in the camera, he will do some adjustment as if noise reduction adjust the color is because he has some setting, you can adjust, his white balance.
you can learn if you do manual
it seems that some of the sky, how do you get this color
you take raw raw is raw. you took this. this is your photos. in fact, you see those who are very blue because of camera internally
i bought the kind of entry level d. s. l. r.
it's better to start learning because i have been shooting for a long time now, but i just started using those comparative d. s. l. r. that kind of high end was high end, but in
what is the bing competition recently? you have to see that bing is the search engine yeah.
how can you be a search?
see if you want to ok, do you have some specific title you want to search then you go to google?
it seems that there is that new function, you can see for the title the image size, and a color that is very vertesting one
it seems like you are a color for sunflower right. what color is usually
he will see those purple color photos of mainly is purple color one ya
it seems that i saw last week because i went to the google blog. some of the new features were placed over there. i went to try yesterday. i went to try. i went to try. i went to try.want
maybe because i rarely use it, i cut photos into three d. i have seen it. it seems that it is not microsoft. i have some of my tools.
i know i know i have seen it. i have seen it. i have n’t used the software, but i have also seen the video theytube video the process they show the results, but i have seen that tools
what else is there?
i often play l. a. n. game
however, i do n’t usually have a chance to play those sports. some of the sports are racing games and many of them to see what you buy. you buy some racing games.seemingly
you have to do the child who washed his head with that person to play with the child who brushed his teeth.
there are a lot of games. you go to his store to see that there are still a lot of games. i ’m not buying the set that i bought.
more than 3300 pieces are me, i don’t know if i am in the funan center city hall
do you have time to do something, surf net to take photos to jogging
i forgot where i have been to penang ipoh k. l. genting cameron and some places of johor
what laptop i use lenovo laptop, but it ’s not easy to use why i think is not being of the laptop i think is because of windows vista. now many people are talking
i plan not to begrade because i still have a few years i think, and the contract of more than one year and three months.
and call, i don’t use those weird people to understand anything
my friend show, i can pour that wine and then you can
you can flow the angle then, he will flow out
walk to my living school, so where do you go?
go to church every week
wherever there is singapore anywhere, there will be me who will do what will i do when i go to dover road.
sometimes m. r. t. some people are very much like you don't understand some of them quarreled inside and then some adults don’t understand me.
i usually do n’t go to shopping
i wo n’t buy it here, because i think it ’s troublesome, i think it’ s troublesome
maybe my mother will buy some food to bring me back. what is the cake?
uh, no need to be polite thanked you
one of these is very basic functions
if you want to use type, it is a bit dangerous. you know that many cars are that many drivers will not stop enter.
and they may be at the same time as enter, it will be very dangerous.
so the new generation of g. s. system may recognize. you talk about the name of that place
after that, it will be automatic enter for you
it will tell you that you want either press one or speak up the number in malay for example
this is in telephony, but
this for exmple
it is easy to say that number is very easy now.
you want i
that author may be too lazy to keywords or missed certain keywords
and that keywords, it can go to that file, but not to use you to come for the multimedia file white which the keywords
the current search engine can only direct you go to certain file for example youtube
there is that keywords
if the author has the key in keywords
after that, it will be search your multimedia files
content
tell you later, which multimedia file which is in the multimedia file
in its duration
there are recording
so if you want seminar contain certain keywords
no need to listen slowly from the beginning to the end to know which parts have the content you are looking for
system
it will be determined first
after that, the process may be like ordinary normal search because you have been decode
after that, except speech non speech
do you know that the speech and the file cer ~ that the duration of contains spey
after that, use the right recognizer to convert it to the right language
after that, there is speech recognition itself
how to index its keywords
you may be som after passing
in your decoding or the transcripting automatic transcript transcrip thing, if you are expected, if you want, i want to see which one
where do you say what to say in this file?
what is talking about is area one by one?
therefore
uh, they are called call, but how to teach
you can teach students to learn second language for example
how to read that whole sencence
the entire sentence
you can directly use that calling application
you just need to listen to try to pronoundce
after that, it will be analyze your speech
but currently this technology
the current market should have some such application, but
many things are still in research
what we want is what is make sure's speaker learn learner
but what do we want to have a make sure make sure at least.
how about pattern is unacceptable
because of for
tell you a pronoundce a sound
when you are a vowel like
may
but for
it will be influent to the signal that the real product coming out is actually different
if you analyze
uh, because vowels' difference is his model that can be said to be blurred
we don’t know where the border is for a chinese speaker, where is his border?
it will be different
so for so is the problem that there is this problem with this problem
although it is, if you look at some research paper
and you learned that language from you are also a factor
when you learn second language
you are your second language, you can influore, your other laanguage
learning foreign language is a big challenge. i think i think
of course, there are many research researcher saying
this is this research.
find out how you can improve an non-native speaker to speak as close as like a native speaker
i also have this experience myself when i learn from french
i was beface, when i went to france, i was in that place what was the name?
it's not british countcily, which is miss french
there is a place in penang that you can learn french
it can be regarded as n. g.
it is called alliance francais
if you use english in english
after that, this alliance fraancais is not just that it is in penang, it should be available in the world
it seems like in k. l.
a center
i just learned to france. i went to france for a month or two months.
so those one two three still learned well
but when i go, i also have except
i also have some website in this lesson.
it seems to have a website.
i went to intensive course
its intensive course is on a university
five hundred eighty euro
it's quite expensive that university is called university #stendhal #
i learned it there, uh, uh, i should have three or three months of intensive course
after that, i went to intensive course for three or three months after that
the so -called semi intensive course for a month is cheaper
because save cost
if donate he wants to find a lot of people to come to sponsor us
but we have to find sponsor, but we will try to minimize the cost of the provincial camp
then those aspects of save cost are us
he seems to have sponsor last time
a supermarket # parit # # buntar # billion
he we want to sung christmas camp
my sponsor, you are not i borrowed you christmas tree
we really send leaflets. we dispatched all camp community
borrowing the christmas of our three days
but for save cost, we forced us to dispatch all the committee
some committee feels embarrassed because of going to him
because we go, we have no transportation tools to go back and come back again
he said that sponsor is sponsor but you want return back to us
so in order to do these things stupid people, we are really all people
i prefer buddhist camp
because buddhist buddhist camp is a child
you can't control to him
so we want balance
because they will see their characteristics of four days and three nights, the whole person comes out
they are comparing willing to share
because most of them talk
then there is his child in sharing
it is necessary to do this activity a little bit
i will feel very shy because he parents knows me
some because we cannot achieve our goal
then if there is a ten percent twenty percent
he has him every time he goes to course
ah he has learned these technique
because these technique is not very simple to cry for others.
after that, there are burn of those disk
he will ask him once when he once asked him for all committee to share
we have been crying so that we can't accept the sound, and let us committetee to the share, do you know?
we cried, we said that they are even more excited.
they concentrate on concentrate to listen to that talk
they will share their stuff more than our commontee share
they will share and they come out
how many years of age and a few are range.
every time we do camp standard one to standard five
we are doing form form form form three to form five
twenty years old and twenty because we form five is eighteen years old
some of his twenty years old are twenty twenty one years old
after that, we felt that it was not the right thing to be over us. at that time, i was form five
do christmas
their mind is more mature than us like us
it turns out that they are twenty one old twenty years old like this
because i think christmas's camp seems to have never participated in
then when we had christmas camp, we had a party
because many people do not have that change to participate
those standard party
then do those in the middle, buffet
it seems to see drama, dancing and dancing slow dance cha-cha
then all people are not wearing ordinary t-shirt jeans
we are wearing fo ~ ah, that
ah formal's dress
the main thing is that there is no air-con there, so all people will sweat and hot
give them a person who is because of village
because we have for him, they want to hand it in, we have told them
if you have any questions, you can ask some people to talk about his dressing question so we have called to ask him to ask him
we don't have to have this scene out.
boys and girls are not girls and girls. we are women and men
there are more camps with more girls.
all of our commontee boys are rare animals, so we have no chance to jump with boys
unless those who i am a dancing and dancing, we need a pair
one pair is men and women
we are fix because more than a hundred people in the middle are watching you jump
can't have any mistake -like
try to learn and try to learn as much as possible because if we don’t do it without ten minutes, it will be dragged to time
then some people do not like men and women, why i don't want girls and girls
why do you want boys and guy to guys
no one can laugh at you because everyone is boys and girls
because i am the so i teach, my opponent is a man so i will talk
you are an experience. if you don't learn
you should cherish this appreciate
this time the opportonity then said
then after that after a while, they talked about okay
we just girls and girls boys and boys
but none of us will allow boys and boys
because if boys and boys, we will say that he dare not dare to with boys and boys
boys, let's get him a few times. he said that okay okay okay is more casual.
that night that i taught enjoy
they are all at eleven o'clock, all of them, don’t stop all
because we have another day because we have another activities to play haunted houses in the middle of the night
this party is our do and haunted houses are our under under. we
other committee is assisted
because there are many things we have to arrange speaker
don't turn off at 11:30 okay i told them that the late midnight is at 12 o'clock
we slowly slowly put the songs slowly in the stop stop, whispered and whispered and whispered and went directly to turn on the lights because it was turned off.
then we have to shower and shower again.
boys suddenly, girls five minutes ten minutes some want to fifteen minutes
if you are still catching boys, you will flash. we will flash when we turn on the lights.
no one saw you seeing you want to catch it, but we will control. they are limited to grab their hands
because if the thing happens secretly, these things are complaint in the meeting
every day, all the speeches seemed to be all. everyone who seemed to be all camp realized that they could not be intracted.
it seems that they bombed and fried, they have slogans, they have slogan those
another group of groups
when treasure hunt, they said that they need to group by group scores
then coop ~ i said you are going to take cooperate
they said that i can't balance i played like this just now
then some girls are alone because we want one by one
tell the next group to the next group in the next group, the next group
then talk about bullying those bully our committee bully
when you are in the haunted house, you know that you're better not to bully, we too much
then because of the relationship between the ghost house, we delay our schedule
he doesn't know that i am committee, he also forgotten because of me
mixed with them, i join them
then he said, don't want me, don't go with her, what is the electric phone number?
boys like this shy too
this seems to be from committee
i'm sorry sorry sorry sorry
those camp in the drum tower are all placed in my f. m.
in this way, you can wear testing testing
i try my try okay start
they don't need to know me, you can know me.
from there to the secondary one to the secondary four
for okay, so you have to ask me what to do
i participated in committee, i participated in a very wonderful committee very exciting and wonderful. committee is called c. a. c. f. o. c.
so we will organize a five day camp
the same is because they are all year one student, so they all have to come together
uh, staying for five days, they slowly knew they knew more new friends to let them
so they know us as as
give them a good good start to the whole undergrad life currently
it's all related to all seven
when studying, i learned either when i was studying.
now this holiday hasn't been out because no one calls me out, so i will always play every day.
just always play game
just wait for photo shoot
today, i want to do photo shoot for camp booklet
that send to freship, so we want us to take one
not the one is photo is of yourrself
what we have to do is photo collage for the camp booklet
this is as in this is another part of the camp booklet also, so remember to see
mine can't want anything else, i want more, i want to be happy
is it by time base or by? what do i say? so just like a lyrics, so but just say that i just said that i don’t need it.
i'm talking about mixture
i think transcript is very idiot
i don’t understand whether currency don’t understand which era is currency
i don’t understand that my mother used to use it to bless me placed in my bed and put it beside my bed. why
that's how i still have any actually i should come to school early to run early.
i'm at home, so i do that at home
i take paper, i tear it up and get a little coffee
i suddenly spent an hour doing that thing that
i'll wait for the meeting of after that
my last year's programmer in hall
so let's wait for actually to have a meeting to bond of g. l. they give g. l. do those bonding things to g. l.
really in g. l. that size ha.
i'm really slap
because hall’s g. l. it will compare some of them and they want a lot of things, so they will be busy and more busy
i am in try, now i have a lot of brains, many ideas come out, but temporarily g. up i want to first c. g. l. follow a. g. l.
this is their hall's c. g. l. very up
because now it is g. l. i think these are until the senior camp until i slowly get more up. now there is no grower.
will it be difficult to be together?
i think these often come in okay to divide a few category
no, i think it is difficult to find a very uns.
our although i am now, i do the g. l. i haven't done a canvassing
to the current hall's g. l. i haven't done canvassing
because hall’s g. l. canvassing really paid it yourself
it is we go and do surveys all the we straight away away the committee hundred and fifty dollars
many of them canvassing fee have them also have canvassing fee
so there are a lot of they are a lot of committees they are like macking the sub committed ask for the sub committed work all these
is it the a lot people they join committees not before they like it just before theywant to stick
is the point of hall is its like c. c. a. points
so we and we c. c. c. a. c.
so we have nine -point, seven and five from our maximum
seven five tier i am the tier one but then i am the second
those who do not hold the hall are not tight
don't need is only for thedese points is only needed when you want to live in hall
so your living haall is to say but
there is no interview that you during that your pass term what did you do for your hall
i want me to take a l. r. t. it costs fifteen minutes
no by, your first year
so last year i only have ten this #cui #
not enough close to okay this year, i have a lot of loud
two points for for living with foreigner
with a china
he is pretty good, he has played computer games every time every time
i, my year two is
twelve, i am not enough for the current after that
it should be okay because i think i have a few people who want to live in my hall
it's not good because every time i will -over to study during the weekends
it's troublesome to stay on study thenen every time i have nothing to eat on sunday
the two of them give many effort but they are not really recognized
don't understand they they recruits a theyy a lot of emphasis on hall players which is not good
it won't be very because of hall's players
so you will go to many sports one by you
so thats why hall recruits many previously have experience
see cheerleading if cheerleading is 10 o'clock every time they finish it
i train to three o'clock and four o'clock during the holidays the who december burnt
so last year december i am very shag
uh, i just burnt more burstil, i follow
my i go back in hol i go back home like okay i go back home
not really spray
because i was train train train then at that time
if a woman falls down, pah is just the same
you will have a shock to your next
where is one year old what
to them all, all of them, all of them are young, three years old, i will be shit
i thought they were two years old, and then i was thinking about right because i had been compare to wanting because wan ting was almost the same as them.
i am one year old for stephanie to be one year old
that's not c. i. p.
very idiot, i go there to teach fold frogs
that paper frog
i go to vietnam last year
i follow hall
my last year goes to two trips, one is the one of the hall is o. d. a. c. trip
because they go to overseas, play, cheap, cheap, and you can know new friends who can know you
at that time, i went with me girlfriend
you want you to be you organizer for a trip
they are not of them, they are main comm
their ranking and their term are not like us
we are exco then committee is the main commm.
they are just after other than that
so their sub common
i won't be at that time just four hundred and all the five they are expenses
so they has no that is really going
their act actually
i want to go to g. p.
you now year two, right?
year like me
for then, i ordered the same time next year years.
you are not year never year year three.
the same china is just going to yes. i find someone to go with me again
because you want to go to which one do you have to go to shanghai
but i don’t understand duration i heard that i came back late
go to the december back in july
it should be okay when i come back
they will beface term start
confirm is me, i see them, i see them
look at that schedule i want to go to the g. i. p.
nothing is next next semester.
after semester, go to this semester to the g. i. p. talk to see first first
those ten percent are because they apply two
not rich okay what g. i. p. not very expensive what
so you will earn a little bit a little
if you think, you can make okay and eight hundred if you go there.
seeing him okay, he talked about him about #sian # to go there and go there to go to those visit provinces
he went to his course
yes, just go to travel china. i have never been to china actually
so go there to see it, so southeast asia can go to europ after watching it.
not germany is not germany g. p. g. p. p. p.
no denmark denmark is because denmark is g. i. p. ah prelude and study. we all go there to clear i. a.
we are work and study, we go there to clear six a. u.
six a. u. of calligraphy wrote that straw pen
the jiaotong university in front of yah first
it is possible to go to those european countries
there are some research they take it as your i. a.
so you go to clear like
you make a very extensive research like five six months.
so okay
my course has a for yah mass mass mass email
his i think is for next semester without for semester two
there is also a long holiday to to do this f. o. c.
you are like excited
you after f.
what are you reading atdonesia, what do you do? indonesia has something to do
i after f. o.
there are three party ah i thought
can't black and white
i don’t know that online and that
i don't know if i'm going to check
for the time being after in august, so i see
what army has live rounds can be used for them
go to bangkok
no one i am i am still alive by around there
write letter letters from #iwo jima #
teach well, you remember to do this f. o. c well. i will
no ppl but k. camp flow i am going to do camp flow
thirty -thirty thirty -thirty -thirty -thirty was well -to be good first p.
i don’t understand her. i saw maybe see you and she said today
you will be very excited
who am i okay
he said that i will definitely be like this
i won't, i, i, i rarely excited.
i'm not very scared, but i said why it is you, i went home, i went home
way what everyone is
i am thinking about me, who i know, who i know who knows who will be here, will be here
i don't know who has one thing that has not done a well is
pretty okay
i am helper, the kind of # sai-gang # warrior like this
i am sub comm
i am not helping anyone, i am actually, we
i think it is very redundant
not well one eighty dollars
from okay in the hot sun, i have tan
is yes
i have always told me that i am going to swim then, there is no tan because i go swimming every time i go swimming
yes, i didn't do it, so why my success rate is very low.
mingjun has gone for actually yiming to go to but yiming, so many of them are
those who are all -of -date support
many people go to then we go to old old airport road. i think old old airport road is pretty good
in that place, i don’t understand where i live in stella.
i don't understand where the north city line is one of the places
why don't you have a record to okay what? thir ~ thirty four minutes of something
this is your first assignment
i will speak for an hour to speak for an hour of mouth
i think i want to talk about one hour of thing for an hour
i was going crazy yesterday to drink hundred plus
therefore
i drink i like drink four to four to file cans of hundred plus
i go with stephaanie so at first
give them a sprint
the car sprint then does some circuit's thing, then after that, has a small circuit
i start that then my after that i was moved to pit building
there are two new mini coopers in the two inside
one upgraded mini cooper then
their circuit and they sprayed the mini spray that mini cooper to spray some water.
i went to the first one from that of that side over that time.
it is flag's barricade like a barrier
i'm going to assign
so my course mate goes
so if there is a mini cooper, i will see if the track is mini cooper
if not, if you have it, you will go if you do n’t go if you do n’t.
that's how it is for the who one, so i amally i am roaming
my friend is a really assign there, so i am
i go there slack over there
yesterday, i saw yesterday, uh yesterday’s interneting is i saw
together race on the road but is very idiot they are going in circles for a few rounds
so because i am on singapore flyer
so they have been race there for a few laps over there
my station has two girls i know two girls
i have thought about it, i really thought i wanted to know these m. l. doing subcomm but girl again. we have too many girls, then the girl speaks because of the words.
he looks pretty enthusiasm at working
no, steven said, don't be too old, he wants all year two two and below
to new blood
it's pretty beautiful, so it will be a good old blood # chio # blood i am thinking about whether to think about it
i have that con, i have the email but that i want to blame hi i am trent i work with you do you want to be my sub commit.
take email my reason, don’t know her
that you know soh win ting soh wan ting soh want ting her
steph and i because issage hong yi and jason derrick
so i do n’t have me very few message women.
only in stephanie
she she got the job
no one think i think
they have the apply but
they have apply
so i think it thinks
it is actually that it will not make a lot of but, but it is is
all for for a group for other rather than like
it seems that but exposure is a bit more fun
without me, i really didn't do anything and do things. i think i blame me a v. c.
forgot me to tell him to show his namecard to others
fortunately, i will wait for stephanie to tell stephanie as calling those who are called
her contact
a person named concept alliance see that we can change our time
i am familiar with then, but i don’t understand what it came
looking for i think is looking for helper
this the bad thing is standing to the foot to the foot
my work bad okay beast thing is standing to the feet
wear slipper then as a slipper mark like this
scared and scared to see why this leg black, why is it like this?
i think i think it is strange to i think
so that the expression one become deeper
why is in the middle of the exam
in this way, you finally have that then your mother will talk about okay. you can read it slowly at home without going out.
you live in hall
do you live in hall? i seem to have heard you live in the hall but. i don’t understand which one you live.
because every time you are in nanyang au nanyang, # lee-weight-nam #, right?
when for semester one
yingming, because at that time, i still remember stella and alex
when then after that, where are you, where do you read?
that is now interim
that interim is very noisy i think
so shit, i didn't go
i have been running a place to find a place to read then to read there
you understand that the lat
he is in trip uh triple e.
that road goes straight down all the way
there is a c. i. t. s. remember
that renovate, so that is learning pod
it's i think, you, i have seen you go wrong, then you talk
where do you go?
where are you going to go?
my actually my sense of direction is bad
i tell me about me from home to n. t. u. i drove many times. i have forgotten that route because i don’t want to drive anymore.
when i went home from hall, i forgot to be in p. i. e. turn
i just read that there is no car in the back, so i reverse is very idiot.
a little idiot, i think my driving’s direction is bad
i don't have g. s.
you have iphone
that needs monthly sub subscript
so it's you one by more than 600 to six hundred at a time
two jobs do not have my what what thing
for actually becape i still got
so in vienna
don't go out at home, play game at home
to do storyline, write then
want i am the coordinator between the two thing
for shenahy my sheena, i pay attention to you, i will compare with pro programmers still okay then.
you want an old okay what it is it is in the
you press open, right?
you want you to find where the tempory file is
so you and you are the most important and better is your next
that i remember how to do it because i was ask suck suck thumb at that time
it's not suck thumb, just search, the file name
strangely difficult to find
so temporarily i have that a lot of that problemm
you are email email already have a copy copy what
so that is an online copy
that update so
so for the time being, this is the actually i haven't done back backup yet.
temporarily not much nothing that is that important right for f. o. c.
so it's okay now
because i watched the show just now i saw a disgusting wound
no wound is very disgusting you know know what happy or not like
my actually it would be quite fun changed our maybe props to do this
because i put toaster overly, i put it in it, i went to the play, i watched the show, it seems that it is cooked. it seems to be cooked.
he was going to do that scene, he was going to give that scorpion sting
that nat geo wild
it's a mystery
so that's why that person, i see that person, he said that i am i am just handing my clothers
his hand actually nothing
he in indent is really indecent.
there is a like some here, so i don’t see it. it seems like one
because i see me see this wound, i just
i just saw that i just watched that scene, i watched
he did not say that it was cause this the the acid things is not confirmed yet
he said that may are bite until, that thing, always digests to drop your cells
so the disgusting i saw people
in this way, it is slow to eat and eat it slowly.
i just don’t understand, i don’t understand, just look at me just see me just now
why did you think of that actually, i'll wait for me to tell wan ting to tell her that she must hit me.
talking about this thing actually, this is very excited. i go to check.
the same algorithm can also run
i don't know what to see if i look at the model
it's just that if it seems that face recody
i didn’t go in. area i just know that face recognition. many things are very popular. it ’s hard to say
different position is different for different background
your expression is also different, then you will be worse
i don't know if it is capture, because i have no test, i have held balloon's image.
because i know it seems like a crowd, the image is in a crowd as if we took a whole photo
everyone can cap out
that is its algorithm, i don’t know
what else is there ~ it will be stronger for its algorithm
no particularly the engine of its searching
their east they came from their profry
sometimes knowledge was killed by hold and cannot bepand.
because no one will be copy, those logo people will mislead people as if you are very you logo.
people will use that kind of lo ~ the same logo
it seems that for us, your design and i design are just i design. it's the same as you.
yes, and user user request i want him to want this interface time. i must satisfy the user interface user.
as long as you but as long as that big company does not seem to be intellectual property
you buy this pro intellectual property at malaysia at malaysia on malaysia.
dare to dare to dare to come over
if you do n’t have to come to lab without mood, you stay at your friend ’s house and stay on your girlfriend.
sometimes i watch some game playing with facebook
read some things that are not research
reading those online material may be that reading some as if it is in july, just watch some ghost stories. seeing some history and what kind of things are fun.
girlfriend worked and did flash programmer
she was u. s. m. the then was the same issue as me as multimedia graduate as multimedia
that area, she found this flash programmer
after a year, it is just software house so less
she didn't go to the car without a car, no traffic. i took her to work every day and bought the car for more than two months.
if there is no money, you can’t go out. then, when she is going out for six weeks, i said, don’t go out at home. just sit at home.
there are clearly these things, then sometimes
it's better now, and i can go out if she is going out, but she can go out, but the expenses are her own.
because it was already clear before, there was no great reaction that she was very acceptable
her workmanship is mainly she workmanship. i have no income now
my dad told me to read and read, because my family doesn't need me support them
my dad is still doing then, my brother, my brother is already working on two younger brothers to read books, so it's okay
i didn't get the money with them, so i didn't have such a burden
now so far is the only one can read so high
if you get a p. h. d.
because my dad's education is not high, education is not high. it is also a p. h. d. give them pride
if you finish reading p. h. d.
the teaching should be if allowable, if it is okay, you may also want to open a company yourself
i don’t need to enter hardware, i don’t need to be the big company.
because i'm not on there, i don't want to go to take risk
because you enter hardware, you have a lot of that kind
how can i say that i don’t understand the things there is.
many things have been available for many years
it will be better in your own area
especially because if i start a company, i will also be on image area
at that time, maybe was the other of other are available.
now aerospace is also facing many problems
because it is difficult for them to identify
those stars
the main thing is that we can only see blinking. then we
just use human knowledge to identify
their image is like this, but star is very blur, many noise
they are more difficult to analyse through those image
there is no value because it is about to arrive in 2012,
new domain
it is out of date without machine learning.
it seems that inspection is doing that machine check
just take a set and give it a train it.
you and your ida's pa are a few babian in the end
this is the things of machine learning, so it has been almost ten years in the market for almost ten years
because other company is already very saturn
now it should be medical
many companies have now begun to do medical instrument's r. and d. medical r. and d. medical
then me medical imaging is a pretty good area just starting to start.
in the next ten years, it should be seen that there is an opportunity to work.
your background is that some people have those medical background
only when i graduate, i will be slow when i will open company
the problem is that the daily workload of doctor is very high
now, especially don’t talk about other malaysia, it is the most powerful
one day workload is more than one standard
now there are many software that can be pa to doctor to see these images
now doctor does not have to do it, no hands, one by one to see all with soft copy to enter software, and
actually these soundware are not those
they don't need them now they do to see one by one to see the one by one. he just draws it like this
just look at each one by manually
just ma will use manual
so in the future, he seems to be this cases. all of his pump went in and pressed run to do anything.
he doesn't have to use this image to run there and run this before running. then, then, then, we have already giving you a result
but you want manually
it is convenient for doctor
and it is also convenient for him
this medical viewer software is very expensive
especially you see mipav mipav
that is basic's basic medical viewing tools, if you want to buy his livense, it is pretty expensive
it is medical analysis, he has some basic algorithm and fuzzy c. mean, you can run to view
what doctor three d. doctor
so mainly this platform is the problem of this plugin
the price problem is that we have to give us a doctors who are mainly for the rural area doctors.
give those clinic like some images, they have those like x-ray image
some of them are less?
if you want to send to send, it is very slow. they directly pump into our software and open a chat room all.
so directly in this software online
all people connect come in and you can discuss it
you can identify what is the discussion in it
get those knowledge then quickly, you don't need you to save a lot of time
it's the kind of enhance
his things are beautiful but also in an image
because medi m. r. i. image has
with us m. r. i. image and c. t. scan
they just show us c. t.
because they do not show
his company is base on kor ~ base in korea korea
it's lecturer pay
there is also allowance
they education free
there is cover
it turns out that the place of education also needs to find people
there are conveniences such as facili
but when you go there, you have to learn the new language
i am in pentamaster
at first it was the company of the image pricessing company.
it is the main main attack that seems to be some company request some solution on how to go to identify these mounds.
it may be that it has run through hundreds of products at a time, and people are not so fast.
it requires computerise, it is faster, so it is in ~ we use the ima ~ that camera to capture those images
the image then of its product and then we use alogrithm to segment.
it is mainly pattern matching. ba ~ basic algorithm is ba ~ pattern matching
its product is a big machine
if you are making biscuits, a large machine biscuit is buried and buried those belt you design engineer machnery
the whole set is those mechanical engineer soft ~ those software engineer electronic engineer
yes, there are many different ima ~ different machine
if you are a little bit, if your biscuits are long enough, you may have half of the half of factory.
because at the beginning, you were pulled by manually with your hand
how to put that lighting, we have to make it clear
so we put it on the bridge over there manually
use this image and software
put it for software to see if software can get such a good result
otherwise, it is to bridge our camera position to get better images
i went in that development that department was r. and d. but their research is not the kind of office
just that the kind of research is really new new algorithm
it may be that he may have other image then. he said
i have also done something because i still run to search to see those research paper supervisor. how are you so troublesome?
maybe i don't know.
sometimes sometimes because of myself and my own trainee is also feel to feel to their stress
sometimes the boss seems to be supervisor to do something for something.
the most important thing is that main main's area is semiconductor
he didn't have me when i was there at that time.
washing glove
that gl ~ that glove made me stay there for four months
that machine stayed with me for four months and went there every day to play that medical glove
how does machine for wash their design?
that's very powerful and dirty. i feel that the whole room is the blood with blood
in fact, our machine is not in our consumer area
we don't know that their machine things are just that they will be in company other company and their main customer is other company.
it seems that there is intel a. m. d. some dell also also has depends lah motor. last time, there was a chips that seemed to be
one of the chips in a phone call motorola's phone number
their produce send came to their manufacture. the chip send came over and set it. it was a tape
your camera is like this snap snap snap snap snap
for the whole send past
the all engineer was very empty when she went out
most of it seems that no one will go home tonight tomorrow.
following them trainee also followed him that you can’t return to # ko #
there are no o. t. four hundred yuan is four hundred yuan. at that time, there were 400 pieces of allowance. some of my friends did not have all in all.
you call me stay back, i am trainee, don’t use stay back
sometimes stay will be hungry at 8 o'clock and go home, don’t care about him.
just how do they go to starting some things?
how do i start from the things that i don’t know.
because contact lens has some malf ~ mal ~ mal ~ it seems that it may not be cut well. is it that the contal lense is originally round?have a hole
is it possible for its hole to be through or a small hole. when there are bubbles, they have bubble when they do it.
it ’s completely fresh took it out from its cover. there is something like this
five hundred contact lens opens a new one, do you know? five hundred new every day
he is here every day we will open us every day
the place where they have been in the past
his thing improve is almost required
and their account is ninety -ninete x, so ninety -nine pakistani is better
supervisor on his side, when i graduate, he asked me if i want to see ~ do you want to work?
just send to me, ask me, do you want this price?
don't tell me a few friends, i told me that i want to ask someone there, you go there
no salary is higher than me o ~ higher than offer, my price
at that time, offer me, i am two thousand and five under probation #ko #
i had medical because i had the base then of image processing at that time.
so that may be my credit
i wrote a website
he wrote a website with two people with friends
reading the problem that part time can't discipline is the same as going back to that discipline. if you do part time, you can't graduate for five years.
i already know that you can give me maximum for five years. i can't graduate
he does not have force, you do o. t.
that's right, but it seems that some of a product is quite far away, but you are not a cy at the same time at the same time, you may want to run at the same time at the same time at the same time
because software department seems to have only three departments
different criteria
what is the name of the name? what is the name close to motorola?
i forgot it very close, so i forgot to forget his name next to motorola
recently, there are often come to u. s. m.
because research, if it seems that sometimes i think research, you can do it, you can’t use it in industry, you can’t come, don’t you make money or you may use you to make money.
no one can see it, it is a pity that it is a pity because your knowledge is just taken to see it.
you can’t use then to use your contribution. you are just in knowledge. you do n’t have control to human society
if you do it, it seems that people can use it, although it is not very big control, but it can be used if it can be used
if you go in that direction, you will think more about something that is more productive
otherwise, many algorithm algorithm will run it that it can produce a good result, but you can’t use it for time because it eats time
for then, some people are research. let's talk about his research. he must be a res.
yes, so you don't have a significant, if you are very powerful, unless you are improve
if you do n’t talk about dozens of baba, you can be acceptable. it ’s possibly that you will be at your algorithm and then improve your algorithm to give it fast
one is now improve segmentation
it seems that we fuzzy c. mean sometimes runs eight images very slow
because of the words of modeling
you can talk like this, but sometimes if you like image, you want
because it is difficult to say that if you can identify and its image, we can
if it's a unknown thing, come in
it is image, we can only know that it is image, but we don't know it is
if you are medical image, we know that it has some proprieties.
it is mainly noise because it is very blur. sometimes it will come to blur's things. the normal image is just grayscale.
so you have to separate it that, so it is different from that algorithm. you want to set that parameter.
the so -called rules by french speaking people is the northern part is
talking about holland's language is netherland's language
so they have two in belgium
the people of the two teams are because of this because of this because of the different names, i don't know if it is race or what
so now they have a problem for them to be a government for so far
they seem to be fifty found that this is very troublesome
so bel ~
i went there to brussel
there is another place, but it is actually very beautiful.
they called that is called north of north of venice.
venice in the north
it's as if thailand has a place in venice in the western venice in thailand in thailand
but do they seem to have a place in thailand that seems to be bangkok?
he already knew that there was a place in that belgium in that belgium called
after the venice in the north, there are still me to me
at that time, i still had to go to holland
or netherland
i go to the hagu
what is the name of the united-nations # makuma # what is the name of the united-nations?
okay there, the one in his there
it's not court he is #makama kehakimun # he is
so i went to the hagu
and one of its capital
in addition to europe
i because the place where conference has, is hawaii
you can see that pearl-harbour
after that after pearl-habour
in fact, there should be that volcano there, but i didn't go to see it
i'm on that is the island of that main
sitting that round island trip
participated in a round island trip, and went back to
actually, you know that ha ~ that hawaii person, their language should be that if there is no wrong memory, his language and the language of that malay are the same family
maybe when they were all malays before, they were all
are they famous? do they know what they are, is it a boat? malay?
so they may be from malay malaysia
or are you from indiansia, there is this possibility
those malay came from taiwan from taiwan
go to cinema to see movies
recently, there is a show watching is orphan
there should be many plays to watch transformer
each has its own advantages like comedy
if you want to laugh, you are not to see comedy. if you want to see some special effect
that kind of movies if you want to see the story, you are not looking at love story love stories but
some movies will be more storytelling
maybe i have seen too much special effect, so i have seen it a bit numb
still, but he can't talk about their current special effect.
the current special effect is really good
do you see final fantasy?
that is the technology that is still not yet reached
it seems that when they really shoot high rise, they are background.
when you really saw it, they replaced blue and put it a background in the back.
it seems that many special effect may use some small models to shoot
some of the special effects made by animation using animation are not very real
it seems that the final fantasy
i think it should be improve
that person is actually not exist, but it looks very true
or you can see a movie that seems to be very three d
maybe that is also a future
areas that will be oriented
or is american's animation animation is also okay's ugly.
it seems that the animation of japanese often has a moral story behind a moral behind moral
many times his moral of the story is what you call them to encourage it.
it seems that japanese’s animation they pay attention to what kind of friendship is talking about
a very difficult situation after those people, how can his friends help him
after that, american's animations
there are many kinds of super hero type
of course, many animation now seems to be disney to do it for adults
but it seems that most of the anmation of japanese can be said to adults, right?
more suitable for watching it, it seems to be conan
several children will watch conan from
don't talk about it, sometimes there are a little bit about him and his him
his logic
i think some of his little logic is not
and sometimes it seems that those conan also has a little violence
because many murder cases for example
so it seems that this animation is still not suitable for children
even if it is the kind of crayons, i think it is a little bit colorful.
i think if a five -year -old child looks at crayon shinchi, would he actually be under the things he said?
in fact, it is not topally.
the character you like should be the one piece and #naruto #
there is no philosophy of life, what is the philosophical principle of life
his a. level score is not very good. she has it
it seems to be c. c. d.
that school is from las vegas nevada
my mother is helping him as in like she she
his first year g. p. a.
it should be above three point five
i don't understand that my sister and my sister are not very close actually we never really much ever since i was in secondary school actually i also know what happy
she used to live in hall
you are a trial period
because she did not go to orientation camp
she talks about orientation camp. what they do she like
there are already two already so not not necesary
i already knew that i went to give up hall
nothing to do, so you think a lot of so i think engineering not my cup of tea
talking about business is a very easy general degree and i agree but then
no accounting
he is very strong in his g. a. last sem g. p. a. five
his c. g. p. a is four point eight five
he is your senior
because of the accounting thing, it is not very high
rate of promotion is fast
soon the the
your well what do you call that increment is very high
please some e.
they came to the extension of their experience with us
if you do audit
so accounting is like that if you can
make you are quite safe already for three or four years
it's the hardest score
i haven't taken a. for accounting modules. i just at best i only took b.
take b. for accounting modules
do this as in like the top or ten percent will get a.
their results are probably the same
it should be different schools got different bell curves
do you understand who is raj? raj?
he is reading m. a. e.
they did not give you third class
i do n’t have me, my this sem must get g. a. five as in mine is set on getting g. a. five alreamy
lost to me last sem read okay let me see one two four times three thirteen thirteen plus six nineteen a. u. s
it's more or less because i am going
two elective
this semester i read three core modules a one elective
our cores are all four a. u. s
there is one to last semester
usually those do inbig four
you can make a client yourself
if you do chem engine, don’t do what to do, what do you do?
enter exxon mobil
entering hall shaz, because i was originally i did not have connection’s but then
because n. s. i and daryl we are we and we are police
so like he has, he has told me because the two of us have to go n. n. t. u.
he said hall six pull him in because he played water polo
so i told him cause i ben to n. t. u. before that then i thought as in very weird
he gives me a shaz’s number then i directly call shaz up then i can playsh squash for you
he is a engineering school
i am not going to instep. i go to g. i. p.
casually as in it
my my dad told me it matter
去 exchange is not is not for me to have fun i just really want to have experience because next time when you come out and work right your employer will will look at
in short, you pass
your exchange will not have daiji
people have different reason yah
then in the united states
he has nothing to read but say that the american is stupid
he doesn't have any reading but he still get an equivalent of list double
his double major has double major because business has double degree double degree for four years double major.
you did not know capeeveryone will go.
because we go to i. chess international chess
not his game one of his one of his team mates
i don’t understand how rec the format is out then
this is pretty difficult to live straight semis in a way
it depends on road relay
they is not a softball hockey holkey girls and guys
it seems that neither of
they are softball or not understanding
each hall can be able to travel every day.
they have their squash
their squash even qualify
our badminton qualify
their core sports will take the first place that kind, you see their tennis swimming
because swimming has five events
they all win the first place
their track and field
without them rugby
they are not very strong rugby. rugby hasn't started yet
no this year rugby, uh, do not let them. v. p. player to fight
we went to semis last year because i played rugby
it's strange that i should be in hall three
sometimes i think there is a bit out of placic
our badminton is very #cui #
very waste of do you know that two years ago we got
each of our sports enters semis at least semis
each sport enters at least semis
look at intake
you see, you see, you see, some people have chillip like this
that bumblebee no, you go to see basketball tonight
do you have time to see basketball
i don’t understand but at s. r. c. yah near only
don’t go to school chinese new year dinner
he must be i. h. g. the oldest
very shack, you want to ask me squash stuff
he is our best player because squash, they want to go by grading
so he is the last player
our first set doesn’t know how to beat half an hour, i don’t understand
we have two professor daughter
the smaller one is nanyang sec three
no as in like but but they speak english at home
another hall fellow
every block has a hall fellow, you don’t understand
you are thirty five thirty five. there is a thirty food downstairs.
they are thirty two, they live in thirty two
go to the year before also
without us, we were disqualified last year
because i, i don’t understand, i am graded
so if you are graded, you have to put the first player
someone go to check
because cauer i mean like okay causel i want i think the i think the state, is it like? oser thing is
i played graded championships in middle school
at a.
those clubs will enter a graded completingition then
there is their players that are divided into grades
at a. c. s.
until now, i understand hall one
what are they in so?
this year squash should be best most improved team
who told you jian hui
no as in, do you understand who is geraldine ho? jerry jerry
he has already graduate but then during o.
no school
very relax without this is this is called n. s. life
go to j.
ask you stay like i was like i tell the actually i want to go a. c. j. c. already the was like why you go very made good freinds already.
they and they read everything, what is as in what as in it not event one quarter goes in
these people do not read, these people do not read the as in
no previous hwa chong words
no reach back about ten alream then i cannot i cannot #tahan #
you understand me i two i two years in hwa chong right i have only done a physics tutorial right really as in okay one physics tutorial that is on time one think was the very first tery utorial of year two
because andrew andrew is retain for three years okay
i thought i thought my econs and cem could get a. i was very i was very confident about
what time do you have lecture
no cyber security is like security measures for your computers for prevent like hackers all that okay fifty percent fifty percent ficent final paper
we want promote our promote # kuala # # kurau # because of # kuala # # kurau #
is a village to small village
we now have to do a lot of events. what is the activities to promote?
there was a buddhist meeting of the whole team of the last time.
his theme is ah sports
then sometimes the camp camp is relatively large because these # rakan # # # muda # are small activities
i did an activity before
i'm going to do his committee committee, i have to run because he has run a lot of zhang zhicheng
then k. l. he came down to peace
taiping is so the previous day. i am going to see the itinerary of their side
although they have air-con, they are just waiting for zhang zhicheng to come
our drum tower is that we have dancer
people over there are going to show three or three to that opening
after doing opening and then we have a speech, uh, speak those sponsor
then we still have those magnum
then when closing, we still have dancing
i thought i danced because i was penang and ran back to the drum tower.
it's really disappointed. it is really disappointed. i told them that i knew that i wouldn't see it.
some of them are very expert singing some expert dancing
their dancing is to learn those hip-hop to learn which
now i am committee to do those things, but i will look at it there to see it
compared with a bit of professional, they will be more pro
because at that time they had exam, do you know?
middle school exam
they are all m. s. n.
then a day more really really tired
at the event of activity
when they are looking for sponsor
the activity of before before was so bad
do you dare to call me sponsor sponsor with me
then in order to get more and more sponsor, we can do more and more activities
last time astro
play with those auntie uncle
there is no jam in the drum tower
because we usually have the activities of certain, we will be in elementary school
if there are audiences on the roadside, if there are a lot of audiences, there will be a lot of drums.
let's talk about the first jam of drum tower
taking japan because i just
because there are those who see japan
because my friend was studying in japan last time, he told me that the scenery there is beautiful there
i said it was me to go to japan over the other side
the weather over there is only when i want to be cold winter
don't follow summer malaysia here
i want to go over there for half death.
because i had to go to new zealand's new zealand before because i have a relative over there
they talked about the air over there fresh
then there will be said that the air will be very fresh
you go there to relax is a very good place
after that, i thought that i was and then i said that i would plan to go to japan japan.
i think it's cool
because wearing harmony in malaysia is just malaysia's scenery
it's different from malaysia compare.
if you go to the group for a few days, he will fix. i will take you to this place today
this place then you go to a trip.
if i have a friend who is still studying there, i will prefer to go myself
then our time can bejust
if you go to the one with agent
can't enjoy, and if you go there, you have to stay there for a long time.
what i didn't go to was just the last time my final final was over
i don’t put the things that do n’t put those chemicals. some villages
a mo duo, do you want to be like a mo duo, like a rori malaysia rory
his little car can tie a rori thing behind him
drink two cans a day a day, 5 little water
every time they laughed at me, do you have to find toilet, you have to find again, you have to drink water again
when you go to karake, they also have to go to karaoke when i go to hong kong, hong kong, hong kong.
he goes to karake
they said that you want control itself
when they go, they will talk about order # wong-lo-kat #
the cake over there is different from the cake on our side
their cake looks like the little princess’s cake
little princess, but i don't think it ’s delicious
their cake is not as loose than his cake as us
it's really not like us cheese cake, not so good, they are so good.
the princess made like a princess and strawberry, but i don’t know what
i see him cake
the one who put the cake also took it like this
then so we ask him to buy the cake
they do n’t have to take bus, they are rarely used to walk away
all of our malaysia people cannot # tahan # so so so so we
only said that we have to take a tricycle to take a good life.
one k. m. i don’t know if i go a lot
i sat down and then he would suddenly brake again
they also have the culture of the chinese over there.
they prefer to eat the internal organs. our malaysia is internal organs, but it is not eaten or lost.
then we malaysia people will eat more vegetables and then that is then that is that
we eat less meats and eat more meats over there
then, every day we stood directly there. uncle is enough
but because of the place where we go there, they invite us to eat
reduce meat
wait for no energy, what's what, you have to go so much
my age this year is twenty one
i, i live in her six
i read nanyang business school
uh, this year is first year's accountance student
my n. s.
my past two years, my past two year
all do novena novena n. s.
i am doing class work
well, help others handle those admin issues
i think i think the previous life is still not back
i think for the pass two year in n. s. i learned quite a lot of things
i am on the environment
unlike the work workplace of n. s.
there is no such a lot of me
yes, there are more civilian offices so more of like a
uh, uh a normal office environment
so i think the requirement of my future job will have a little help
so uh, it depends on how you perceive that two years
so i think, since this two year must have to do to be it then.
mine is five days a week hmm
at 8 o'clock in the morning to six
no, uh, uh, basically is an uh
so uh, i have to take a ride every day to take a ride to and fro
uh i live in jurong-ele
so uh uh uh, usually people think it is the but i think’s but i think
uh, i was the most afraid of me when i was two years.
because every day at 7 o'clock, you will go to take that travel of the take.
each time i have to squeeeze to someone like a diced sand
remember those trains before
isn't it very easy
because the train is already out of each minute
uh, i am at hall six to help them play badminton
yeah, i usually go to gym when there is no school
it's quite busy for accountability because they have a lot of project
uh currently i now have three projects that
so uh, for example, the most recent is my microsoft access project
because monday is going to pay
this time is the first time i have used microsoft access, so i have some disciculties
so uh our project of our project is
we are a spa, uwner
so we have to deal with those daily operations of that uh spa
so uh, we need to record those customer records
and those customer preferences
just now we are discussing that business
good okay
uh, the idea of the business plan, who we got in the discuss
that discount
too cluttered, so it is difficult
uh, we will come up with a funch on our websites
uh our website uh will be a coupon every day
it will be very obvious, so everyone who comes to our website will see it
i will put a cash coupon on my website to let people vote
uh, for example, that cash coupon is
ten dollars worth of vouches at a price of five dollars
everyone needs me to have a minimum bid of say.
it's this thin -selling, theory
uh, company have a large volume to
so the idea of this coupon is our main focus
because we think this method of selling is more than not bad
and uh my third project
that last project is on financial management
so the tutor of basically wants us
take us uh, this whole semester learn thing, uh
so we may learn about bonds
so what we need to do is a thing that a newspaper article of the article, a article does not necessarily need newspaper.
so the basically is to put financial with theory apply into. our real life
it can be a government or a company and they are a paper
a loan bond uh basically is a loan
uh, i sell you this certification for a thousand yuan
uh, that difference which is a hundred yuan is the one who bought it
so bond uh can be issued by government or can be out issued by private company
their bonds will be compared with risky as compared to those government bonds
so uh, they have some com some organisations lke
uh, observe those company's risk level
as long as your company, the more risky
so government's bond is relatively safe
bond bond is bond
just finish bond, so we are still studying now
because companies' borrowing activities can be divided into three broad categories
that's the first one is the issue stocks
uh, the second one is issue bonds
the third is to borrow loan from the bank
so these three categories are because each
so uh we need to find the cost of the aggregate
the most of it is mathematics applied in business in finance and business
uh, i am actually interested in uh finance
because i think relevant to my life
i just know what articles is talking about now
you can related to my life
to me, i think it is a topic that is pretty useful.
uh, i think we do n’t think we can take everything for on face value when reading article because we are all
most is one or a group of people, uh, the article
so um, they have underlying’s motive’s motive
maybe they have purpose to sway, our reader's intention
writer of a pro governenment, so he will write something to motivate those uh readers to go along with those government policies or something
what they write, we all swallow go down
it depends on the credentials of those wrtern
is it a writer of an independent or a um
usually it is do they usually written some of the policies of government
it's because of that stock market
sometimes i think it's a self-filling prophecy. it seems that you think you want to be as long as you want
many people will buy that stock then stock when subsequently will be rising and rising
this is not that true market mar true value of that stock
they are all collapse because some people usually leave fake news
um, the company is doing better than it is
right to go to put a little effort
i have heard this theory that before
is true's but also depends on how much they get up and it has to be compared.
because i still have in decide between business before
uh engineeering as in generally business and engineering
because i use elimination method
when i was junior college, i was more inclined towards er engineering
because my strength is my sciences physics and mathematics
uh, when it's junior college year two
although my strengths are physics and mathematics, i think i think
those topic a bit boring
well, in the end, i think i am decide to go with business or accountland i
my ended up with decision of doing accountance
well, because business is a general degree
it does not never be to us.
so it is for practical reason
because at the end of the day
if i read accountability, i can still do those jobs of business related
um so far, i haven't learned so so so
uh but not learned those
uh topics that are that gives us a bigger view broader view
for our topics, it is still quite technical
it's like marathon is a one
i'm i'm not i'm not uh iron man
uh, this is my join, this is divided into group events, individual eovent
so i belonged to that group event.
so uh, there are three three events divided into cycling running and swimming
i am cycling's then, my friend is responsible for running and swimming
i also think that cycling is still relatively simple
if i didn't remember wrongly, it seemed like
twenty -thirty k. m.
so i think the project that compares difficult is still swimming
this is our uh start off point.
uh, we are uh, like swim one round then, and return to pass to another person
no pool is from the sea
so its difficult
because uh in the first
because uh on that day itme, there will be any.
everyone wants to scramble that first pace
because that width of that entrance is only that big only
so hundreds of people jump in like this, they will be chaotic. kick one another
so as long as you are not enough, you are not fast enough, uh, rush to the sea shore, then you will be kicked in the back and it is miserable.
because i think i still not bad that day
because the weather on that day was still good clear and sunny
so i think, my not a geography or geographist or something geography geographist
because i think the waves should be quite calm that day
so there should be no such difficult as compared to
that usual waves
honestly in terms of results
because we uh is the participate with intentation of having fun
so ufore, the event itset me
because i didn't have start school at that time, i would go to ride a car when i was free time.
my distance, i can't ride the thirty k. m.
so i will try to cycle more than thirty k. m. maybe lets say fifty k. m. or something.
do to do more is exten so so
maybe usually i will from my family when i have time to say
i think there should be fifty k. m.
i have tried uh cycle around singapore
that distance is about one hundred and thirty plus minus ten k. m.
i probably take almost a whole day a whole afternoon
uh, there is a suit.
uh, so when i need it, i will wear it, but i will wear it
that suit is not very comfortable, so i will wear that lighter sportswear when i usually training
uh, i'm not very clear about my road car with my friend and my friend.
because that is an important from an equipment
because uh my friend means
your efficience will improve you will not waste your energy
taiwan's road will be uh well-developed
it's better to bumpy, right?
uh, that is also for their aerodynamics
because there will be fewer air resistance installed above
so the efficiency is also improved
i want stable, but it's still very strong
which brand his brand seems to be uh
if i didn't remember wrongly, it was
the modes of the antique bicycle
i have always wanted to go to taiwan to tour
uh, there is show, let's take a look at those places to eat
because my father is hokkien
i also want to go to places like taitung too
i don't have any uh, i often go to overseas
those places similar to the east
uh, i think it is quite attractive
because you can go to their beach, uh, to appreciate that scenery
go to take a walk, you can go to the sea and go to catch fish
which country me
enjoy the life for shopping
because most of our trips are all in china
let's go hong-kong
that's just good things are very cheap
you can't spend too much money if you go there to eat there
well, i have before my enablersity.
so my first stop was vietnam. we went to vietnam. we went to after that, we went to cambodia
we are we uh firstly we fly to vietnam then in between those countries we will
we do not have the take modern transport
that trip total duration is three and a half weeks
i think vietnam cambodia as compared to malaysia and uh thailand are more fun
because a different experie from singapore
so you can see those uh original things that feel quite increlely
we go to ho-chi-minh
we are closer to south
go, uh, visit his museum
uh, see his history, because they used to be a colony, an english color
before vietnam was a north of vietnam, it was uh that those englishmen possess
so they have been in the internet before
those south vietnam are those airline forces of those english, they have advanced weapons
come to fight those communist, but communist
uh, no as well-off as, those of their south vietnamese, they are all
usually it is rely on that terrain to fight those ulks in the u.s.
uh hiding in those tunnel
i still said that i still have to admit. they are quite powerful
so they hid in that jungle all the time
so they uh deploy this chemical is called agent orange
um in so that, they can go to uh, to attack those north vietnamese
that chemical has that after effects of that chemical like, there are many mutations
you see a lot of uh dead foetous then in museum.
those hands on one side are big
then vietnamese, they used that kind of small spade when they were in the war.
that kind of garden spade dug a very complicated tun tunnel system
so i think
as long as i don't remember the wrong thing, it is ovr three hundred something k. m. m.
one spade, a spadeful dug out like this
uh defend, they are doing those surprise attack on
they take us to take a portion of that # ku-chi # tunnel
because their tunnel has enlarged through to allow tource
that original's right and wrong is very small because
i still want to stay here for a while because i still have okay and there are too many people.
but so far
just because i myself have collected those toys or playing some photography like this
there are more models, grandam
at most, the others are transformer and the like
some people are really to collect the whole set.
the most expensive collection is masterpiece's green-lock is the dinosaur
it is the boss in dinobot
one and then there is a series that is alternity.
like the car like suzuki swift nissan now
when they changed, a car was very beautiful and then he could become robot
it's almost one of the newer series
then the latest words are its game server
because now there is still a game in p. s. three xbox and the computer is war for cybertron
just a few now are toys based on the design in game
his toy is based on the character design in the game in that game.
he is a story, saying that they went back to their own stars before their planet cybertron
the fight between them is megatron bad guys to fight with good people
that is, they are all those alien vene, but they are cars, but some weird like this is not like a car. this car is like a car.
that is, his game type is third person shooting.
they also have online mod is that you can play in player in the world of multi player with other
if you give p. s. three, you don’t need to have p. s. three. you can buy that game original.
then xbox’s online account seems to have a charge and then the computer. i don’t know how to play it.
they are right that they are their p. n.
they are there, you can play game, you can power on p. s. three you connected to network
if you put that game in, you can play and then have it
then just certain time you know that broadband
he will be interrupt or what is the disconnect and broken line and sometimes it will be very solow.
basically, their story is to go to many generation
i don’t know this, but i know that about a few are their oldest first generation
it is their g. one and their generation one is the oldest optimus prime four or four squares
i don’t know if it may be the design of their robot
maybe his planet is like a person and animals, but all of them are rabotic.
then there are many series different. i didn’t study all like this
